I went into my bedroom and flipped the light switch. Oh, I see that the ceiling lamp is not turning on. It must be that the light bulb needs replacement. I go through my closet and find a new light bulb that will fit this lamp and place it in my pocket. I also get my stepladder and place it under the lamp. I make sure the light switch is in the off position. I climb up the ladder and unscrew the old light bulb. I place the old bulb in my pocket and take out the new one. I then screw in the new bulb. I climb down the stepladder and place it back into the closet. I then throw out the old bulb into the recycling bin. I go back to my bedroom and turn on the light switch. I am happy to see that there is again light in my room. The weather was so nice today that I decided to have a barbecue. I called up some of my friends to invite them over. I set up some chairs and tables outside for my friends to sit around. I then took out some hot dogs from my fridge and brought them over to my barbecue. My barbecue is a gas barbecue, so all I had to do was press the knob and turn it to ignite it. Once I got a little fire going I put my hot dogs on the grill over it to cook. I closed the lid and left my hot dogs to cook for about ten minutes. After ten minutes I decided to check on them to see if they were done. They looked like they were cooked, so I put them all on a plate to serve to my friends. I went to my kitchen and got hot dog buns, ketchup, mustard, and relish to serve on top of the hot dogs. I laid out all of the food and condiments on the table so my friends could help themselves. We ate the hot dogs and relaxed around the table. On Sunday mornings, our paper boy usually has the paper delivered by 7 AM.  He rides his bike through the neighborhood and tosses the papers on everyone's yards before most anyone gets up.  When I wake up on Sunday mornings, I put on my robe and put on my slippers.  I walk down the stairs and go to the door.  I unlock it and go outside to look for my paper.  I walk down the steps and I see it on the lawn, carefully wrapped in plastic, protecting it from the weather.  I grab the paper and pull it out of the plastic as I walk back up the steps and go back into my house.  I throw away the plastic and sit at the table while my coffee brews.  I scan over the paper looking at the different articles, focusing on one in particular about a local political debate. Last time I had to paint a wall was when I bought a new house. Although the house was new to me, it was a fixer upper house. As a result, the house had a lot of quirks and one of which was the painting on the wall. It was not updated and did not look great. As a result, I felt that I needed to redo the paint. in doing so, I decided to get paint that was interesting to me and after purchasing the paint, I completed the paint job by myself. This was a great experience and I enjoyed painting and using primer and such and I felt that I did a great job at completing this task by myself. It was rewarding to be able to do it by myself. Afterward, my room looked great and I enjoyed seeing it look different than before. It was wonderful. After grabbing the laundry basket and unloading my now dry clothes from the dryer I take all my dress shirts, slacks, and dresses over to the room where we keep the ironing board. I take out a pair of dress slacks and lay them out carefully over the ironing board with the legs laid out flat so they can be pressed with the iron. I turn on the iron to medium heat and take out a can of starch. Starch helps keep the pants from wrinkling, starch is almost like hairspray for clothes, keeps things from moving out of place. From there I push the iron back and forth from the bottom of the pant leg all the way up to the waist until all the wrinkles on the pants have been ironed out. Once finished with one side of the pants, I flip the pants over and iron the other side. When the pants are finished being ironed, they need to be hung up on a coat hanger so they can stay nice and pressed. Jerry walks his family dog every morning, and every night. He knows it is important for his dog to be able to empty his bladder and relieve himself, as well as getting exercise and walking. So, he gets up early before school, puts on his clothes, jacket, and shoes, walks outside and puts the puppy on a leash.  He takes his puppy for a walk to the front yard, and out to the street.  He also carries a bag, for cleaning up after if he needs it.  It takes Jerry about 20 minutes in the morning to let his dog walk around, exercise, and "use the bathroom" , but he takes a longer walk with him in the afternoon after school.  He takes him to the park, to play frisbee, and to see the other dogs in the neighborhood that play at the park.  After he walks with his dog, he feeds his dog, and gives him water to drink.  He then puts him in the back yard, and takes his leash off as usual. Today we decided to paint the extra room in our house. Were going to have visitor coming next month so hopefully the painting ain't that smelly anymore. I made sure that the wall is clean and clear of all the nuisance. We already bought the pain and we decided the new wall pain is sky blue. My husband is putting newspaper on the floor to avoid any spill on our floor/carpet. We put tarp on the floor too before we put the newspaper. I finally start painting and it was so easy because we made sure that everything was ready before we started. It didn't take us 30 minutes to finish the whole job. We leave everything in the room except the paints, brush and other stuff that we used. We will be cleaning and removing the newspapers and tarp once the wall paint is dry. It was fun afternoon working together and we both love the result. Last night my friend and I sit in and begin ordering a pizza. This couple came into Pizza Hut and the waitress seated them. As we sit there having our pizza, a second part of the same family came into Pizza Hut which contain about 100 people needed to be seated. A couple of tables were pulled together.  Everyone begin ordering  pizza. It took several waitresses to handle their order. The entire table was full with food. The guesses continue to order  drinks. the waitresses walked back and fourth until everyone was full. My friend and I sit there watching as the waitresses begin cleaning the table. After everyone left the table, when the waitresses return they only find two dollars left on the table for there tips.  One of the waitress begin crying, because as hard as she worked, out of one hundred and two people the waitresses only got two dollars tip. My friend and I felt bad about how they were treated and we left them a sixty dollar tip. Tom's dad ordered pizza yesterday for the family. He picked the phone up, and called Dominoes Pizza.  When he spoke , he told the man he wanted a large pepperoni pizza with thin crust and extra cheese.  He also said to bring a coke.  His dad paid for the pizza by giving the man on the phone his card numbers for his debit card.  Then the man gave Tom's dad a time that they would deliver the pizza.  Thirty-five minutes later, a pizza delivery guy knocked on the front door, and gave his dad  the pizza.  He signed the receipt, and gave the guy a tip, $2, for bringing it to them fast.  The boy thanked him and left.  Tom's dad called to the family to come eat dinner, and set the pizza on the table to eat.  He put plates on the table, and poured the coke for everyone to drink, and they ate every single slice of pizza! Today I decided to go for a drive. I got my keys and unlocked my car. I got inside the car and sat down. I adjusted my seat and mirrors and put my seat belt on. I then put the keys in the ignition switch and cranked the car. I put the car in reverse and looked in my rear view mirror to see if it was clear to back out of my driveway. I saw that it was clear, so I began to back out of my driveway carefully while positioning my hands on the steering wheel in the ten and two positions. I gently pressed the gas pedal, I slowly backed out of my driveway. Once I was out on the road, I carefully put my breaks on and put the car in drive. After I put the car in drive, I gently pressed the gas and began driving down the road. My little dog Rosie likes to wake up early in the morning to get a walk in.  When she scratches at the door, I know it's time for me to take her out.  I pet her and put on her leash so that she won't run away.  I open the door to the outside and I take her for a walk.  We will walk across the neighborhood and see other dogs along the way.  Rosie will bark sometimes and I have to ask her to be quiet so that she doesn't wake all of the neighbors up.  She listens to me.  Sometimes she will stop to use the bathroom and that's okay with me.  Whenever she poops, I have to use a bag to clean it up so that she will not have her poop all over our neighbor's yards.  I like to take her home when it's all over. My good friend John is serving in the United States Marine Corps overseas. It's hard for John and myself to talk on the phone so we prefer to write each letters every chance we get. I just received a letter from John yesterday so I needed to write him back today. I gathered two blank sheets of paper from my home office and a good pen to begin writing the letter back to John. I started my letter by writing the date in the upper right hand corner of the blank sheet of paper followed by writing out "Dear John," to begin my letter. I responded to some questions John had asked in his previous letter to me and wrote about what has been going on in my life since we previously last talked. I ended my letter by writing "Stay safe John, Sincerely Phil", before folding up the pages of the letter and placing them into an envelope to be mailed off. It was early in the morning around 4 AM.  I was laying in bed when I heard my baby boy crying in his room.  I knew he was hungry.  At only five months old, he had quite the appetite.  I picked him up and we walked into the kitchen.  I took out a bottle and added formula to it.  Then, I added some water and put the bottle into a pot of water on the stove.  I lit the stove and waited for the water to boil so it would make the milk warm for my baby.  After several minute, the bottle was just right.  I put a nipple on the bottle and tested the temperature on my wrist to make sure the milk wasn't too hot.  I sat down in the rocking chair, holding my son. I rocked him and put the bottle in his mouth.  He quickly drank his bottle.  When he was finished I put him on my shoulder and burped him.  His belly was nice and full and now he was ready to go back to bed. Tammy had to do some chores for her mother.  It was her turn to clean the bathroom, and cleaning the shower was one of them.  She brought her cleaner with her, and a scrubber. She wet down the shower walls, and sprayed the cleaner all over the walls. Then she scrubbed them with the scrubber until all the dirt was gone.  Then she rinsed the shower walls with the shower head.  It made it easier to do, and faster.  She also got down and cleaned the bathtub as well, and sometimes on her knees, she would lean down to get the spots you have to reach on your knees.  Then once more, she sprayed the walls and the entire tub with the shower head again, until all the cleaner was off the walls and tub.  The last thing she did was use a glass cleaner and paper towels, to use it on the glass door in the shower. It made it shine after all the cleaning. Tonya shops online for some clothes for her children.  One place she likes to shop on is Amazon.com.  They have good deals on children's clothes and toys.  When she wants something for her children, she goes online on the computer, and types Amazon.com.  The website comes up, and then she searches for the clothes she wants.  She types in "shirts for children" and all the shirts come up that they have to sell.  She checks for sales, and finds the sizes for her children that she needs.  Then she clicks on the ones that she likes and can afford, and she puts them in a basket online that holds her things she wants to buy. When she is ready to check out, she goes to the button that says buy, and she purchases them with her bank card information. She types it in, and then she is given a number to track the clothes through the mail to her house. When I was fifteen years old, I had to take a driving lesson as one of the requirements to get my driver's license. My second driving lesson I had to take was downtown in the city of Minneapolis. I was very nervous because I had never driven in a big city before, and we were driving on a Friday night which I knew would be very busy. I was picked up at my house by the driving instructor and I got into the driver's seat. Our lesson started off smoothly and my instructor did not have to use her safety brake at all. However, we got into the city of Minneapolis and traffic was very heavy. I started to get nervous because of all the cars, and because Minneapolis has a lot of one way streets which makes it somewhat difficult to navigate. My driving instructor calmed me down and assured me I was doing a great job. After that, the rest of our lesson went smoothly and I drove us back to my home where my driving instructor dropped me off and left for the night. My family and I were celebrating my dad's birthday.  We had gone to his favorite restaurant.  It was an Italian restaurant and I had ordered a pasta dish.  The pasta was supposed to be topped with shrimp, but when it came out it was topped with chicken!  I was disappointed.  I called the waitress over and told her what the problem was.  She was surprised because she knew she wrote down shrimp on the ticket.  She took my plate and brought it back to the kitchen.  After ten minutes, the waitress returned with the pasta with shrimp.  It looked delicious.  She apologized for the inconvenience and also offered me a free dessert.  I asked her if I could get a piece of chocolate cake.  The cake looked great when she brought it out.  Being that it was his birthday, I gave the cake to my dad.  It was nice being able to turn a mistake into something good! Yesterday I had a barbecue. Before we could start the barbecue, I had to prepare the food we had bought to eat. I chopped all the vegetables and seasoned them. I got all the meat and cut it into the right sizes then seasoned them as well. To start the barbecue, I placed charcoal and lighter fluid on a grill. While it was heating up, I made sure that all the food was ready to be cooked. I also made sure there were enough condiments, like ketchup and mustard. As I cooked the people I had invited began coming in. I put ice in a cooler, then added cans of soda and bottles of water, to make sure there was enough to drink. By now, the barbecue was heated enough to cook on. I placed the meat on the grill and watched it as it cooked on one side. After a few minutes I switched sides until all the meat was cooked fully. I cooked the vegetables, they did not take as long. Once it was ready I sat the food out for my friends to eat. I was very enjoyable. I picked up a dozen eggs in a carton while I was at the grocery store.  When I got home, I took two out before putting the carton into the refrigerator.  I took a frying pan from the cabinet and put a tablespoon of butter into it so the eggs would not stick.  I cracked the eggs open on the edge of a bowl one at a time, and put them into the bowl.  I threw away the shells.  I added a little bit of salt and pepper.  I used a whisk to break the egg yolks and mix the yolks and the whites together.  Once they were combined, I turned the heat of my stove on to medium.  I let the butter melt and then I added the eggs.  After they started to cook, I used my whisk to move them around so that I got scrambled eggs instead of an omelet.  The eggs got nice and fluffy.  Once they were fully cooked, I took the pan off the heat and turned off the stove.  I put them onto a plate and enjoyed them with some toast. Jenny called the bank to see how much money was in her checking account.  Seven hundred dollars used to seem like a lot when she was a kid, but now she had bills to pay.  She gathered up the mail that she had been saving for the last few weeks and thumbed through the pile.  There they were, those dreaded bills that take most of her paycheck.  There was a car payment, and a mortgage payment, and the power bill for the month.  Jenny got her check book out of her purse.  Most of her friends pay their bills online, but Jenny still liked doing it the old fashioned way.  She got her book of stamps and envelopes out of the drawer along with her pen.  She opened each bill and noted how much it would cost to pay each one.  She would have to wait to pay the mortgage next pay day, but she had enough to pay her power bill, and car payment.   The power bill was one hundred and fifty-seven dollar and thirty-nine cents.  She wrote the check to the power company, placed it in an envelope along with the payment stub.  She sealed the envelope and addressed it, placing a stamp on the right corner.  She did the same procedure with her three hundred dollar car payment.  After the envelopes were ready, she placed them in her mailbox for the mail carrier to take.  She took her checkbook and wrote the amount she had spent on the ledger. Then she subtracted it from the amount of money she had to see how much would be left until next pay day.  She would have to be very careful with her money this week, but she should have enough to get by. Last night , I took a bath . I take baths when I have time to relax and soak in bubbles . Baths are important for good hygiene and self esteem . I always feel so much better when I am clean and smell like my favorite soap . I like to fill the tub up as full as I can and pick a shower gel or bubble bath to make lots and lots of bubbles . I just soak in the bubbles and enjoy the time to myself . Then I wash my hair with shampoo and conditioner . Next , I make sure to scrub everywhere from between my toes to behind my ears with soap . After that , I am ready to dry off and get into some clean clothes . If I do n't have time for a bath , I just take a shower . Showers are much faster ! No matter what I choose , I make sure to take a bath or a shower every day .  My grandma did not use e-mail or text messaging. I knew she was busy and would be hard to reach on the phone, so I decided to write her a letter. I got out my paper and pen and sat down at my desk. I began by putting the date that I was writing the letter in the top right hand corner. I then went down a few lines and wrote "Dear Grandma,". After that I wrote to her about all of the fun things that my husband and I had been up to over the last few weeks. I asked how things were in her area and how she was feeling. Of course, I had to ask how her dog was doing as well. When I had written everything that I wanted to I signed it "With Love, Your Granddaughter". I then folded it and put it in an addressed envelope, stuck a stamp on it and put it in the mailbox. This morning I decided to make an omelette.  I took the eggs out of the fridge and cracked three of them into a large mixing bowl. I added a small amount of milk to make the eggs fluffy.  After the pan warmed up, I dumped the eggs into a greased pan.  I cooked it on low so the eggs would not stick. I then started cutting some cheese into small pieces. Once they were halfway done, I flipped the eggs.  I sprinkled my freshly cut cheese on top of the eggs, and then folded the entire thing in half using a spatula.  Once one side of the omelette was done, I flipped it to the other side with the spatula again.  I repeated flipping the eggs until I could see that the cheese was melted.  I put the eggs on a plate and poured a glass of milk to go with it.  I sat down and enjoyed my breakfast. Several years ago I moved to Sparks, NV. I was in for a surprise to know that snow remain on the mountain almost year round. One Winter there was a heavy snow that covered most of the house tops. I applied for a position at a snow removing company. We remodel and cleaned out the houses. After remodeling one house there were many houses needed to be dry, cleaned and remodel. I was told by the supervisor that he need me to vacuum the carpet of seventy-five houses within that week. Years after, I return home and got married. My job at home was vacuuming the carpet every weekend. As today my wife and I are divorce. We have grown kids that comes over and begin vacuuming the carpet without I having to asked them. Now I just sit back as they vacuum the carpet and think about past times when I have to vacuum many floors to make ends meet. All of my clothes are dirty, so I have nothing clean to wear. I think it is time to do the laundry. That will clean my clothes right up and then I'll have clean clothes to wear again. It's important to wear clean clothes to stay healthy and stop bad smells. I gather my dirty clothes and put them into the washer. Detergent is the soap that goes in the washer to clean the clothes, so I put the right amount in. I turn on the washer to a good setting, which is gentle on the clothes but still gets the dirt out. After a while, the washer is finished and it's time to dry the wet clothes. I put the wet clothes into the dryer and turn the dryer on to a good setting. Too long might make the clothes too hot or hurt the fabric, so I make sure I'm careful picking the right setting. After a while, my clothes are nice and dry and ready to wear again. To change a baby's diaper, I would first place the baby on its back on a changing table. I would remove his clothes and take off the diaper, which is usually fastened with sticky tabs. I would fold the dirty diaper in half and place it in a garbage can. I would then take a baby wipe and wipe off the baby's bottom to make sure it is clean before I put a clean diaper on him. I might put a little bit of baby lotion on the baby's bottom to make sure the baby does not get a rash. I would pat the baby's bottom with a dry towel to make sure it is dry. Then I would take some baby power and sprinkle it on the baby's bottom to make sure he stays dry. I would take a clean diaper out of the package, unfold it, lift the baby's bottom up with his legs, and place the diaper under the baby. I would lower his legs and attach the front of the diaper to the back with the sticky tabs. Well I hear you want to know how I mow my lawn? I do it every weekend on Saturday morning after I eat my breakfast and coffee. after I do all my usual morning rituals. I then go and get dressed then head on outside to my sit down john deer lawn mower. You know I love this this it is a great tractor I have had it now for 4 years never once gave out on me and always done the job right. Well first before you start her up you want to check her for and work that needs to be done like if she is fueled up. After you did all the service checks then it is time to start it up. Then you get to have the relaxing joys of riding your tractor around mowing your lawn how any man would like to do so on a Saturday morning. For lunch today, I heated up some of yesterday's dinner on the gas stove. I took out a skillet from the cupboard and the leftovers from the refrigerator. I put a spoonful of the pulled pork in the skillet, and added a spoonful of the baked beans. The fried zucchini looked good too, so I put some of that in the skillet also. I put a cover on it so the food would heat up faster and more evenly. Before I turned on the burner, I checked to make sure the pilot light was burning. It was, so I turned the knob to start the gas flame under the skillet. I didn't want to burn the food, so I set the flame on low and stayed by the stove to check on it. When the food felt hot, I turned off the burner and slid the food onto my plate. We are working on the dinning room in our house, that needs to be up dated. I started by steaming off the old wallpaper and there are many layers, as I steam am also scraping what the wallpaper that is not coming over by steam. After removing the wallpaper am going to work on the wine cabinet and stain it black, after that I will move on to the fireplace mantel and paint that black, after that will start painting the walls, am going to leave the trim natural, after the walls I will paint the floor black and clear coat it four times, so the floor can handle the feet traffic, then I will add the rug for under the dinning room table and the clock over the fireplace, that is being handmade for the room by my uncle as a gift, the last ting to be done will be the fireplace a fake wood front is being made to fit the opening by my husband, it is a board with wood pieces attached to the front, so it looks like wood in the fireplace opening and then the room will be done. I love going grocery shopping ! I have a very specific way that I approach it and I do the same thing each week . On Tuesdays , the grocery ads come out for the week . I look through them and make a list of what is on sale . I meal plan around those things . Once I have a list of what I will be cooking , I write those ingredients down along with all of the other things I want or need . I separate them by department . I put all of the dairy items together , then the meat items , followed by the produce , and so on . This makes it more efficient when I am pushing a cart through the store . Once I 'm at the store , I select my items quickly . I usually buy the same brands and often the same items each week , so I know where everything is . When I 'm ready , I go to the checkout and put it all on the belt so I can pay for it . I love grocery shopping but I hate to put it all away when I get home !  Today is my sister's birthday party! We wake up early to take my sister to school, and then we come back home to bake her a cake. Mother and I make a big mess when we stir the batter. We put the cake into the oven and make the frosting. Frosting the cake is even more messy! Then we blow up lots an lots of balloons. Mother and I hang them on the ceiling. Then we get out lots of ribbons and hang those up too. The house looks really different! We set the cake in the living room next to a box with sticks in it. Mother said those are candles. When my sister comes home from school, we light all of the candles and say, "Surprise!" I get to throw the confetti at her when she walks into the door. My sister forgot all about her birthday today! She really liked our cake. My neighbors went out of town for a week for a vacation, and they asked me to help take care of their pet fish. My neighbors wanted me to feed the fish and make sure that the fish tank filter was working so the water would stay clear. They gave me a key to their house and showed me their fish tank, which had 4 goldfish. The fish tank was kept on a cabinet that held all the fish food and other tools needed to keep the fish tank clean and the fish healthy. The fish needed to be fed twice a day, once in the morning and once at night. To feed the fish, I had to open the pour spout on the fish food container and sprinkle about two tablespoons of the flaked fish food over the top of the fish tank. It was important to spread the food evenly across the top of the tank, to make sure each of the fish could get to the food. Today when I woke up, I realized I had a lot of dirty clothes.  I gathered up all the dirty clothes I could find.  I put all the dirty clothes in a basket, then I brought the basket into the laundry room.  I set the basket down and I started to sort through the clothes.  I divided them by color and I decided to wash the whites first.  I threw all the white clothes into the washing machine and measured out a scoop of detergent.  I added the detergent to the washing machine and closed the door.  Then I set the settings on the knob to whites.  All I had to do now I press the start button.  I pushed the start button and the clothes started to wash.  It took a while, but once the clothes were clean, the washer stopped running and beeped.  Now I was ready to dry them! I got home from the grocery store and had bought many different kinds of vegetables, both for me to eat as well as for my guinea pig. I decided to chop all of the vegetables so I could just pull them out and eat them during the week without having to take the time to prepare them. I put a cutting board on the counter and pulled out a sharp knife. I started by cutting up green peppers, I cut the top off and removed the seeds and cut the pepper into strips. Next I cut up cucumber, I washed it and sliced it into thin round slices. I chopped the bottom off of a bunch of celery and cut each stalk into four inch long pieces so I could dip them in peanut butter. The next vegetable I chopped was broccoli which I carefully cut florets off of the head. I was going to make soup so I chopped an onion but cutting the top and bottom off, removing the peel and cutting it into small squares. All of the vegetables were put into separate plastic containers and put into the fridge. Today I decided to wash my hair. Before washing my hair, I made sure to gather everything that I would need. I got together my favorite shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner & a towel. I wash my hair while I am in the shower. First, I put hair head under the shower head & let water saturate all of my hair. Then, once my hair is wet, I add a dime sized amount of shampoo to my hand & apply it to my hair, focusing on my scalp. Once it it all bubbly & feels clean, I rinse it out. After that, I apply a generous amount of conditioner so my hair doesn't dry out from the shampoo. I let it sit for a couple of minutes. After that, I rinse it out with lukewarm water so my hair absorbs & locks in all of the good ingredients. Afterwards, I get out of the shower, towel-dry my hair & apply leave-in conditioner so my hair will stay moisturized. Then, I proceed with styling. This morning I noticed my floor was dirty so I decided to clean it up. First I got out the broom and dustpan and began to sweep. It is important to get the corners clean so I started at the outside of the room and swept toward the center. Then it was time to wash the floor. When I was little, my mother told me, "Clean corners, clean floor," and I can hear her voice as I fill the bucket and add a little bit of cleaner to the warm water. Next I got down on my hands and knees and washed the floor with the warm, soapy water. I followed this with a rinse using only clean water. When it was done it looked so nice and I knew there were no spills from cooking anymore. It made me so happy to know that I wouldn't slip on anything and that there were no little bits of food that might attract bugs to my house. Today I decided that I would make a pot of chicken noodle soup to cheer up my sick mother. First I found our family recipe and and looked through the kitchen to see what ingredients I have. Then I made a shopping list for the items that I didn't have already. I went to the store and purchased the vegetables that I needed, and then I returned home. I started heating the broth in a big pot on the stove, and then I sliced up all the vegetables and added them to the broth. I cooked up the chicken in a pan and then shredded it into tiny pieces and added that into the pot as well. I stirred and stirred it as the veggies cooked and the ingredients blended, adding spices as I went to deepen the flavor. Lastly, I added salt and pepper when the soup was finished cooking. I let the pot simmer until my mom was ready to try it and then I ladled her a nice steaming hot bowl of the soup! To make an omelette I need eggs, a stove, and a pan.  I start by heating the pan on the stove.  Then I crack open the eggs. I whisk the eggs in a bowl until they are ready.  I pour the eggs into the pan.  I wait for the eggs to cook. Once the eggs are mostly cooked I add in my omelette toppings.  I love omelettes with ham and cheddar cheese.  Some people like to add onions, mushrooms, and peppers.  There are lots of tasty things you can put in an omelette. After I add the toppings it's time to fold up my omelette.  I leave the omelette in the pan until the toppings are fully heated.  Everything in the omelette should be hot! Once it's ready, it's time to turn off the stove.  Now I can put my omelette on a plate and eat it up! Omelettes are a healthy breakfast! It was time for a new flooring.  Our carpeting had been worn and old, so we decided to go to laminate floors.  We measured the size of the room to get the area and we ordered the flooring at the lumber yard.  They called us when the flooring was in and we brought it back home.  The cartons of flooring were heavy.  We also needed to purchase rolls of underlay.  We tore the carpet up and threw it out.  Then we lay down the underlay mats.  It was hard work and we sweat a lot.  After just laying down the underlay, we took a short break.  Then it was time to put down the laminate.  It was hard to lock the pieces together, but it came out nicely.  We were proud of the hard work we did.  Best of all, the laminate looked so much better than the carpet ever had! I am getting ready for vacation to the beach so I need to pack my suitcase. I start by putting my shoes into plastic bags and sitting them in the bottom of the suitcase. I then packed shorts by folding them and putting them in a pile on top the shoes. My shirts and sundresses I folded into thirds lengthwise and rolled them up like a sleeping bag; by packing them this way they will not get wrinkled as easily and it is easy to fit more into the suitcase. I matched swimsuit tops & bottoms and folded them together. I put all of my toiletries like shampoo, sunscreen and toothbrush into a plastic bag in case they would leak and into a special toiletry bag and put that in the top of the suitcase. I added two beach towels to the very top to cover everything in the suitcase. I easily closed and zipped the suitcase and was ready to go. We had gone into Washington D.C. for the day. It was me, my mother, my brother and my sister. We had lived in northern Virginia, just south of DC, for  a number of years, but had never gone into the city itself. We didn't even drive through, or near it, unless we had to. The traffic was simply too horrible. This day though, we had a plan, we drove our car to a stop-and-park place and from there we caught a subway train into the city. We walked all over the National Mall area of the city. Took a tour of the White House, saw, but didn't climb the Washington Monument, went to the Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials, then we headed into the big red castle, The Smithsonian. It wasn't the first museum I had ever visited but it's the first one that really made an impression on me. I remember the art, the dinosaurs, the airplane and rocket ships at the air and space museum. I always intended to go back but haven't made it yet. Today was the big day , I was going to visit some friends in Florida , but I was going to do it in a different way . I was going to ride a train today for the first time ever . I loved trains since I was a child and now I would finally get to ride on one and see the countryside . I bought my tickets online , I did n't want to make a mistake and got to the wrong station . I had my bags all packed so I called for a cab and headed to the train station . Once there I took my luggage with me and waited for my train to pull up to the station . Once the train was here I boarded and found an open car . I set my luggage in the overhead compartment and sat and waited My ticket was checked before the train left the station . The train finally pulled out of the station , I was on my way my dream was being realized .  Today I went to the dentist. I walked through the dental office doors and noticed a giant play room full of really neat toys. I sat and played until it was time for my appointment. I liked the building blocks the best. Then the lady at the desk called my name and showed me to a big comfy chair. There were all sorts of different things in the room. Shiny things, pictures of white teeth, and machines. Then the dentist came in with a big smile and I knew we were going to get along just fine. The dentist cleaned my teeth and said that I had been brushing really well. She told me that candy can hurt teeth sometimes, but eating lots of healthy foods help them to be strong like the ones on the poster on the wall. After we were done cleaning my teeth, the lady at the desk smiled at me and gave me some toothpaste and a little box of floss. Then we went home. I love the dentist! It was such a nice day for a picnic.  I decided I'd take the kids to the park for lunch.  I pulled out the cooler that I keep in the closet and filled it with a bit of ice.  I put a few drinks and bottles of water in the ice to keep it cold.  Then, I moved on to the actual food.  Sandwiches seemed like the easiest food to make, so I pulled out the bread.  The kids and I all like ham, so I made three ham and cheese sandwiches and wrapped them in sandwich bags.  I packed a reusable container with some cut melon we had the night before and grabbed a couple bags of individually sized potato chips.  I threw all the food in the container and grabbed a roll a paper towels.  When I told the kids where we were going, they were so exited! I wanted to take a trip to see my friends . Since they lived far away I decided to fly in an airplane to go see them . I went to an online website for the airline to book my flight . I chose a window seat so I could enjoy the scenery on the flight . After booking my flight I packed my suitcase with what I would need for my flight that left tomorrow . The very next day I woke up and got dressed . I wore loose fitting clothes that would be comfortable on the flights . I wore shoes that I could take off easily to get through security and a belt with no metal in it , again so I could get through security easier . I went to the airport with my suitcase and went to the ticket counter . I gave them my ID card and they printed my ticket for me . I gave them my suitcase and they tagged it for me and gave me a baggage claim ticket . I then went through security . After making it through security I went to my gate and waited until I was told it was time to board the plane . I got on the plane in my window seat . I listed to the stewardess as she showed me how to buckle my seat belt and the planes safety features . Before I knew it we took off , and I was flying in a plane and enjoying the scenery below . I put on my green gardening gloves, my sunblock, and my large sun hat and I go outside. I get out ten packets of seeds and a trough. Then, I get down on my hands and knees in the dirt and begin planting the seeds. I plant radishes, carrots, and celery. Then, I water them a little bit with my yellow watering can and get up. After I finish planting the seeds, I begin weeding the rest of my garden. I look through all the aisles of plants and pick out the small weeds that I want to get rid of. Once I'm done weeding, I water the entire garden. Then, I start picking fruits and vegetables tat are ready to go into my kitchen. I notice that the pears, pumpkins, and squash are ready to be picked. I pick my favorite ones to keep and set aside the rest to donate to my neighbors. I decided this morning to take a shower. I walked into the bathroom and shut the door. I turned on the fan since the bathroom gets very steamy when I take a shower. I turned the water on and made the temperature just perfect. The warm water had to warm up, so I stood patiently while it did. I placed my towel on the counter and got into the shower. I shampooed my hair thoroughly and used conditioner on it afterwards. Then, I took my soap and washed my body thoroughly. I rinsed off the soap, and then I grabbed my facial scrub. I used it on my face and made sure it was very clean. After that, I turned the hot water up a bit so it would be nice and warm. I stood in the warm water for a few minutes relaxing. When the hot water started to get slightly cold, I turned off the shower and got out. I used my towel to get dry and got dressed. It was a very good shower. One day, I decided to redecorate my daughter's bedroom. She has a small bedroom, so we needed to do some creative things to fit into that small space. First, I drew my daughter's room and where all the furniture was. There was a twin bed in the corner, a dresser beside her bed, a colorful rug in the middle of her floor, a desk with her computer and school stuff on it, a bookshelf, and lots of pictures on the walls. Then, I drew my daughter's room and what I wanted it to look like when I was finished decorating. I drew a bunk bed with her bed on the top bunk and storage space underneath against the far wall, her dresser next to the window, the rug in the middle of the floor, her bookshelf where it was before, and newly painted walls with her favorite pictures hanging on the walls. I removed the furniture and pictures and belongs. I covered the floor with plastic, so the paint wouldn't get on it. I painted her walls pink. I let the paint dry. I placed a new rainbow-colored rug in the middle of the room, assembled the new bunk bed, and put her dresser and bookshelf and belongings back in her room. She loved her new room. I learned how to iron yesterday. After doing the laundry, I noticed how wrinkled the clothes were. My mom showed me that every piece of clothing has a tag with special instructions. Most of them tell you about the washer and dryer, but some of them say not to iron, so watch out! First, we got out the ironing board and put my shirt around it. We put water in the iron and plugged it in, waiting for it to heat up. Then, we carefully laid the iron on the shirt and moved it around. The wrinkles just disappear. We had to move the shirt around to get the wrinkles in different parts. After that, we just had to do the same process on the rest of the laundry. Some clothing needs to be steamed instead. There is a button on the iron that lets out hot steam, like a trigger. Its important to have the iron set on the right settings for the piece of clothing you need. I've got a very important date tonight! I'm going out with my partner, so I've got to look my best. I put on my best clothing and style my hair so I look absolutely fantastic. When the time is right, I meet up with my partner at our restaurant. We love going out to eat together. We sit at a nice table and start talking. Going on a date is a great time to be together and catch up with what each other is doing. We eat a big meal, then go back out to see a movie. We see a movie we're both excited to see, and have lots of fun watching it together. Now it's getting late, so I take my date home. We had such a great time together, we make sure to arrange time for another date soon. We just can't wait to see each other again! The other day, my wife and I decided that we needed to put some new hardwood floor in our house.  We planned out what kind of wood we were going to buy and decided to go to the hardware store to ask for some help.  A worker there suggested that we get rosewood flooring and so we decided to shop in that store for other tools we might need, such as hammers.  We bought the wood at a lumber store and took it back to our house.  Over the course of a few days, my wife and I took out the old wood.  We hit it with hammers and broke it to pieces.  We threw them away.  Than we placed the new wood down and began to put it in.  When we were done, we painted some varnish on it so that it would stay nice and solid for years. Me and a friend recently papered a room. The room was slightly large and it took us a little longer to do than previously expected. We first looked at some online sites for the best brands and colors. Afterwards we waited to get the packages. The paper was a nice blue color. We started at about ten in the morning. We set this time and day because it was our day off and we could spare the hours needed to complete the task. It took us about three hours to complete. We started from the top of the walls and worked our way to the bottoms. As we worked there was a sense of accomplishment and we believed the room was coming together quite nicely. I felt we also enjoyed spending the time together doing something productive. The room looked brand new whenever we completed it. We were very pleased with our work and ourselves. I saw a sign on the street for an upcoming performance at the local theater. It looked interesting so I decided to attend a show.  Usually the audience at a theater is dressed nice even though there is not dress code. Because of this I was sure to wear nicer clothes the evening of the show and made sure my hair looked good. The show began at 7:30 pm so I arrived at 7:00 pm so that I had enough time to buy a ticket and find my seat. The stagehand dimmed the lights so I knew that it was about to begin. The curtain went up and I sat back and enjoyed the show. During the right moments, I clapped to show my appreciation. After the show the actors took a final bow and I cheered some more. Before I left, I had my favorite actor sign my program so that I had a memorable souvenir. First, if the alarm clock has a cord, I unplug it from the wall. Then I find the battery cover opening - this will usually be on the bottom or back of the clock but could be on the sides also.  The opening is usually like a compartment with a tab that I can push on to release the battery cover to expose the batteries.  Once I see them, I determine if I have replacement batteries or not.  If I don't, I might run to the store or order them on line if I am not in a hurry to replace the batteries. Once I have the batteries, I remove the old batteries by either pushing against one end so the other end presses down on a spring and I can pull it out, or sometimes there is a ribbon underneath the batteries that I can pull to release the batteries.  I check carefully which way the batteries go, making sure the plus sign on the battery (the knob end) goes towards the plus sign on the clock battery compartment.  Once all the batteries are in, I make sure the clock is on (plugging it in if needed) then I use the time buttons to set the correct time, making sure if there is a morning/night (a.m. / p.m.) indicator, I have it set correctly.  Finally, I use the clock buttons to set the alarm time (again making sure the a.m. / p.m. indicator is correct) and turn on the alarm by setting the switch to "alarm" or "radio". Today I decided to do some work in my garden. I got on my jeans, my gloves, and got to work. I looked around my garden, where I had tomatoes and peppers planted. I got on my knees and looked for weeds to pluck. Weeds are plants that I don't want in my garden, that can make the plants I do want sick. I pull out all the weeds I can find, and it's hard work. Then, I water my plants. I spray all over the garden with my hose, making sure not to give my plants too much water. Then, I check if my plants are ready to pick. I see my tomatoes and peppers are looking very ripe, so I pick a few to take inside with me. Once I'm done, I wipe off all the dirt from my clothing and go back inside. Working in the garden is dirty work! I started by opening the dishwasher.  I then pulled out the top rack.  This contained items such as cups, glasses, and small bowls as well as anything that might break easily.  I opened the cupboards where the cups go and put the cups in their place.  I then opened the cupboard where the bowls are stored and put them away.  I closed the cabinets and pushed the top rack of the dishwasher back in.  I then pulled out the bottom rack.  The bottom rack contains plates, large items, and silverware. I opened the cupboard where the plates are kept and I stacked them neatly inside.  I closed the cupboard and then put the large items away.  I then opened the silverware drawer and put all of the silverware away.  I organized them by type (fork, spoon, knife) and then closed the kitchen drawer.  I checked the dishwasher and made sure everything has been put away and that it looks clean.  I closed the dishwasher. Now I am going to set the dining table up for dinner. First I put away all the stuff that is not supposed to be on the table. Next I clean the table with a tissue paper. Then I arrange some of the decorations on the table. After that I put down the plates and glasses.lastly in the remaining spaces on the table I put down what we are going to eat but I don't put down dessert yet. There is one more thing I do before I am finished setting up the dining table.   I call my family down for dinner. I swept a drop of sweat of my chin and forehead. It was hard hard work but still it was so much fun. Oh no my family is done with dinner and now I have to bring them dessert which is fruit I made myself. Sunday. Chore day. Not my favorite thing to do, and today I had decided to tackle the bathroom. The shower showed signs that it could use some attention. First, I wiped down the sides of the tub, which for some reason always seem to collect blue lint from my towels. Then I ran the water in the tub to rinse down the bits of dirt and sand that were lingering in the back of the tub. Since I have short hair, thankfully I didn't have to pull hair out of the drain, like I sometimes had to do when I had roommates. I turned on the bathroom fan to circulate the air while I cleaned. I pulled the bathmat out of the tub and grabbed a sponge from under the sink. I wet the sponge and poured shower cleaner onto it. Then I knelt down and scrubbed the bottom and sides of the tub, running the water to rinse everything down. Then I rinsed out the sponge and ran it over the walls to clean them, although they were not as dirty. I rang out the sponge and set it on the side of the tub. I left the fan running while the tub dried out but turned off the light and left the room. My best friend Jill and I went to dinner at Applebees a few weeks ago. We went there to have lunch and celebrate Jill's birthday.  I ordered a steak, medium rare with a baked potato and a Diet Coke.  Jill ordered salad with shrimp and a lemonade.  The waitress must have been new because she messed up the orders.  First, she came out with two Sprites.  Jill and I told her politely that we ordered different drinks.  The waitress came back with the correct drinks and we placed our orders.  When our food came out, my steak was rare and Jill had chicken in her salad instead of shrimp.  Jill waved down the waitress and explained we had a mix up.  The waitress apologized and took our food back.  After about fifteen minutes, she came back with our meals.  I cut into my steak, and it was done as I had ordered it and Jill's salad had shrimp. This weekend I awake early just to take care of my clothes. I worked during the week and had clothes all over the floor when the weekend comes. I gather my clothes and took them down stairs. I was all out of detergent and fabric softener. I went to the the store to purchase detergent and fabric softener. I return home put my clothes in the washer. I forgot the Clorox for my white clothes. I return to the store, got my Clorox and went home. I went up stairs, shortly I felt tired and felt asleep. I awake two hours later. I heard a noise down stair. I went down stairs to check on my clothes. My friend was down stairs folding my clothes. She had a load of my white clothes washing. Later she took my color clothes upstairs. After my white clothes finish I started folding clothes for myself. I am searching in my closet for my favorite blue shirt. I can't seem to find it. Then, I remember I wore is last Tuesday while out with my friend and I spilled ice cream on it. I know it must be in the dirty laundry. I decide to do all of my dirty laundry, so that I will have more clothes to wear. I walk into my room and empty the contents of my laundry basket. I sort the clothes by light colors, dark colors, and whites. I pick up the pile of light colored clothes and take them to the laundry room. I hit the button on the washer that says "start." Water begins to flow into the washer. I insert my light colored clothes into the washer. They fill the container halfway and are starting to get wet from the water. I grab the laundry detergent from the shelf above the washer. I squeeze the soap into the washer and on my clothes. I close the lid of the washer. I change the setting on the washer from "large" to "medium" for load size. The heat level is set to warm. The cycle is set on regular. I wait an hour until that load of laundry is done. Then I remove my light colored clothes from the washer and put them into the dryer. I add dryer sheets in with them, so that lint does not stick to my light colored clothes. I wait an hour and a half until my clothes are dry. I remove my lighted colored clothes from dryer, fold them, and put them in away in my drawers. I then repeat this process for my dark colored clothes and white clothes. The other day, I went to the dentist. I had to visit the dentist for my semi annual cleaning and check up appointment. I was nervous because I do not like going to the dentist. I think the dentist is a little bit scary. But I knew I had to go in order to stay healthy and take care of myself. My appointment was at 9am. I got to the dentist's office right on time. They cleaned my teeth and it did not take long. The dental hygienist was very friendly. When the dentist came to review my teeth, he said my teeth were healthy but I need to make sure I floss regularly. He said I should floss at least once a day. I agreed that I need to be better about flossing. Then the hygienist gave me a new toothbrush and toothpaste and I went home. I'm glad I don't have to go back for six more months. My daughter and I wanted to watch a movie after dinner, but there was nothing good on TV. We decided to go and rent a movie. We drove to a nearby store that had a movie rental box. We looked through all of the movies that were available. Some of the movies were funny, some had a lot of action, and some were scary. My daughter and I finally decided that we wanted to watch a comedy movie. She selected a movie that had recently been in the theaters. The price to rent the movie appeared on the screen. I put my bank card in the slot and entered my PIN number. The machine recorded the information, then told me to remove my card. I took my card and receipt. The movie DVD came out of the machine. My daughter picked up the movie from the machine and we went home. Every Monday and Thursday I wash clothes. I usually have 3 batches of clothes to wash. First I fold the clothes from the previous wash because they normally stay in the basket until it's time to wash again. Once the clothes are all folded and picked up. I take the dirty clothes basket from my bathroom and wash the first batch of clothes which includes me and my husbands clothes. I run the water and add the detergent. I then put the clothes in the washer and close the lid. Once they are done, I take them out and put them in the dryer. I then turn the dryer on. I then start running the water in the washer again, adding more detergent. I then go get the dirty clothes basket from my daughters' bathroom. I bring it to the laundry room and add their clothes in the washer. Once the dryer is done with me and my husbands clothes. I take them out, hanging up the things that need to be hung and putting the rest in the clean clothes basket. I take my daughters' clothes out of the washer and put them in the dryer. Turning the dryer on to dry them. I then run the water again in the washer adding more detergent. I go collect all the towels in the house, my bathroom and the kitchen usually. I add all those towels in the washer. Once the dryer is done with my daughters clothes, I take them out and put them in the clean clothes basket. I then put the towels in the dryer. Usually it stays this way until I need to wash again on either Monday or Thursday! I was having a date night with my boyfriend and we could not decide what we wanted to do. Neither of us wanted to spend a lot of money, so we thought it would be a good idea to rent a movie. I used my cell phone to look up the nearest Redbox, and we drove together to the Redbox location to pick out our film. As soon as we got to the Redbox, we started scrolling through the movies that it had available. I didn't want to watch a horror movie and my boyfriend didn't want to watch an action movie, so we decided to pick a drama film instead. We settled on a movie that had just recently won an Oscar for Best Picture that neither of us had seen yet. We paid for the Redbox using my credit card and drove back home. As soon as we got home, we made some popcorn and started the movie. Unfortunately, neither of us enjoyed the film and thought it wasn't worth all of the hype we had heard. Even though we didn't like the movie, we enjoyed our night in with each other. We went to smoky mountain for spring break. We were amazed to see the beauty of this breathtaking place. I wanted to capture these memories. So I got my latest model canon camera out.  IT had very high resolution, and had special effects, and HD feature. I chose the good back ground, where river stream were running by the mountain, and fall was on the top, where some people were to jump in.  The area was clear. First one, I did was , I told them to stand under the fall, so they did, and I took picture from top of the side road. Then next one I did was whole long view of mountains with river, s it seem like it is somewhere in deep mountain. I edited them after I capture them, and added special affects to make it more enhanced and natural. The pictures looked more prettier than real place. I was on my way to work yesterday morning and I was interrupted by the phone. The loud ring startled me while I was in the bathroom, so I ran over to the phone to pick it up. I  reached out and took the phone from the counter, then I turned on the screen using the button at the top. Next, I pressed the big, green button on the front of the phone labeled "answer" and put the phone up to my ear. I said "hello" and my friend responded "hello" right back. We had a good little chat about the weather and what we were going to do that day, then we both said "goodbye" and I hung up by pressing the big, red button the front of the phone labeled, "end call". Then, I put the phone back down onto the counter and went to finish getting ready for work. I opened up the cabinet and got a couple of cleaning rags and the disinfecting cleaner out and set them on the floor of the bathroom so they would be handy.  I sprayed the cleaner on the bathtub, the tile walls around it, the toilet and the sink, making sure I also sprayed the handles of the faucet.  With a little of the cleanser on a rag I started by wiping down the area around the light switches and the door handles.  Then I closed the drain for the bathtub and ran in a little hot water.  With the rag I used the hot water and cleanser to clean the ring off from around the tub and go around the edges to get all the soap build up off.  I wiped the rag up the walls several times to get the soap build up off of them, too.  Then I drained the tub and used more hot water to rinse the tub and walls with the rag.  I did the same with the sink, and then the top and back of the toilet.  I used the toilet brush to do the inside of the toilet and around the seat and underneath and then flushed it all away. The floor was tile, so I used a mop with a special disinfecting wipe on the head to go over it.  As a finishing touch, I use a little glass cleaner and polish all the faucets, and clean off the mirror. A few weeks ago I decided that it was time for me to get a hair cut . Normally it is recommended to get a hair cut every six months , but I had gone quite a bit longer . The ends of my hair were splitting , and my bangs were getting longer than I liked them to be . I decided to go back to Great Clips , which is a chain that has a location near where I live . They do not require an appointment , although you can check-in online ahead of time , so I decided to walk in . I drove to the location and found a parking place easily , and there was only one or two other customers there at the time . I walked in and gave my name , and they had a record of what I had done at my previous visits . The woman who took my name and I told her that I wanted a shampoo and a hair cut . She said that she could start right away and led me to a section where I could leave my phone and wallet . I put those down , and followed her over to the chair for the shampoo . It was very relaxing and did not take much time . We then went back to her section and she asked what I wanted done . I explained I just wanted about an inch taken off of most of my hair , but my bangs to be cut so they were more above my eyes again . We did n't really talk much while she was cutting my hair , and it took her less than ten minutes . I did not want my hair blow dried , so she left it wet . I went back to the front of the shop with her to pay , and I also made sure to leave her a tip . I left the shop and was very pleased with my hair cut .  I decided that wanted to take a trip for my vacation this year. After deciding my destination, I realized that I would have to travel by airplane. Because my destination was so many miles away, air travel was the only practical way to go. I opened up my laptop so that I could look up the phone number of a travel agent. I found the name and phone number of a travel agent in my area. I called the agent on the phone. The travel agent asked me questions about the dates of the trip I wanted to take, where I wanted to go, and information about my starting destination. In a few moments, the travel agent offered me some choices about flights I could take, and accepted my payment information. The travel agent also told me many details about my destination, and advised me about some items that I should pack, and which items I should not take with me. I paid for my flight reservation and the small fee for the travel agent's services using my credit card. There were a few questions about my payment details. My tickets are electronic, and arrived in my email immediately. The whole process took less than fifteen minutes to complete. It was easy to do. I'm hungry, so I'm going to make a big pot of soup for my dinner. The first thing I do is get out my ingredients. Soup can be made with a lot of different ingredients, but I'm going to make a simple vegetable and chicken noodle soup tonight. Once I get out my vegetables, I chop them and put them into a big pot to cook. It's important to cook your vegetables first, so you can get the best smells and flavors out of them. Once they're cooked, I add broth wait for it to boil before I add the rest of my ingredients. When the broth is boiling, I put in chicken and noodles and let it simmer. You don't want to boil the broth for too long, because the food inside could get burned. When it's done, I take a ladle and fill up a bowl with my soup. Time to eat! I opened my mail box this morning and there were lots of bills! That is all I seem to get in the mail is bills. I felt like throwing them on the ground. But if I did that my electricity might be turned off for not paying the bill. I went inside and opened all the envelopes. Each bill was a different amount. Some bills are the same every month. This month the electric bill was much higher than I thought it should be. I thought about calling the electric company. But I remembered on day I left all the lights on at home all day while I was at work. So I figured that is why that bill was so much. I payed my bills online. I went to my bank account and clicked on bill pay. With a few clicks all my bills were paid. But now I don't have any money. We finished eating and moved plates and glasses from the table. Cleared up the table from dishes except the napkin holder.  The table is stone, and that is good part for me. I Can use almost all the cleaners except bleach. I am afraid , I will ruin it shine. I have this home based 409 cleaner.  First I wiped any stuff left behind on table like napkins or bones or any other stuff. Then sprayed the cleaner on the table all over. Tried to scrap off any hard stuff is stuck on the table. Then I picked up a rag which is cotton, and folded it twice. Then started  to wipe from one side from all the way up. Little by little I covered all the table, and then grabbed the paper towel wiped if any extra moisture is left behind. and turned over the paper towel and wiped it twice, to make it very dry. When my baby defecates or urinated I needed to change the babies diaper and give her a fresh diaper.  My baby always tells me this needs to be done because I hear her crying in her crib.  This needs to be done often with my baby.  First, I went to the basement and get a diaper from the box of Huggies diapers I bought at the store, a bottle of baby powder, and a wipe.  After getting the diaper and other materials, I put my baby down to lay on a flat surface.  I unlatched the old diaper and removed it from my baby.  Being careful to keep all of the waste in the diaper, I then threw the diaper away in the trash.  I then wiped away all of the waste and made sure my baby was cleaned up.  I then applied some baby powder to make sure she is comfortable.  I then took the new diaper and put it on my baby and she was now happy. It was a nice day outside.So me and my family were thinking about ordering food from a restaurant.Then at the same time we shouted out lets order food from a restaurant.I went in to the living room and got my phone from my purse and dialed my family's favorite restaurant.A female's voice answered so I gave her our orders. Then after we ordered I went back to my family who were sitting outside on our lovely porch.After a while of waiting. We  got our food so we started eating but everything tasted so bad we had to send it back to the restaurant like now. So we went to the restaurant and give back the food and they gave us our money back. So I just cooked but my whole family only helps me with dessert. After all this happening we still enjoyed the day. Sometimes we like to go to the park and feed the ducks. The kids like to see how close they can get to the ducks and other birds that gather at the edge of the pond. The other day we noticed that there were some pretty large fish, large enough that the ducks shyed away from them.since the ducks were on the far side of the pond we decided to feed the fish that had gathered in a small school near the park entrance. The kids sat on the grass while I took my backpack off and opened it up. I took out a bag of stale bread and began breaking it into small pieces and handing them to the kids. The kids tossed pieces in one at a time, closer and closer to the edge in an attempt to lure the fish closer to them. The ducks watched, enviously from across the pond. The fish eventually were basically on the sandy edge of the pond, and my youngest daughter reached out and poked one. I needed a book to read with a young relative of mine and decided to borrow it from the library rather than buy it . The local library is only a few blocks away to I walked there . I am familiar with the computers and the process for looking up to see if a book is available and where it is located on the shelf . The computer lookup station was available and quickly I was given the location of the book . The book was located in the proper location on the shelf . I selected the book and went to the counter to check it out . There were a few people in line ahead of me , but the wait was short . After scanning my library card and then the book the librarian asked if I needed a plastic bag to keep the book dry as it had started raining . I declined the offer of the bag as I had a waterproof backpack . I left with my book .  It was my birthday and I was throwing a party for me and my friends. First, I decorated the living room, kitchen, patio and backyard with streamers and balloons to make the event appear festive. Then, prepared fried chicken, meatballs, sub sandwiches, potato chips, spaghetti and taco salad salad.  I then set out the beverages, which included on juice, soda, water and iced tea and I set out plastic cups near the drinks so that my guests could serve themselves easily I made sure that the plastic ware, and paper plates could be easily found near the food.  I then decided that I wanted to serve a cake, and I included on my list that I would buy a placed my frozen cake on the table and placed the candles nearby. I poured the chips and popcorn into serving bowls, and placed them on the living room center table and the patio table to that they would be accessible to my guests I then selected my musical playlist from my smartphone, connecting the speakers to my phone, so that the music could feel the space and set the mood for the party. Now that I had the food, drinks, decorations and music ready, we partied the night away and had a great time. About one time a week I change my bed sheets. First I remove the top and bottom sheet from the bed and put them where I put my dirty clothes to be washed later. Next I get the bottom sheet. I use a fitted bottom sheet. A bottom fitted sheet has elastic on the corners to kind of like hook around the corners of the bed. Sometimes getting the last corner on is hard because the sheet will be tight. Next I get the top sheet. This is the easy part. I unfold it and spread it over the top of the bed. Then at the foot end of the bed I push the sheet in between the top mattress and the box springs. And I do the same thing for the sides of the sheet. This helps the sheet to stay on the bed. Then I do all this again next week. In a few weeks , places around the world will be celebrating Earth Day , a global event promoting environment protection . I will , as I do every year , meet up with some friends who live close by and spend the day at the park . We will have a picnic , eat some food and drink a few beers , play frisbee and toss around a football and at some point , we will plant trees off to the side of the park . We will plant these trees in an effort to promote environmental sustainability , and to do our part as one in a millions ' chance to help the environment . Damage is being caused to the environment and local ecosystems at an alarming rate and we should all join together to do what we can in promoting awareness and getting the word out that we need to change our ways to help protect our environment . Planting a tree is my small contribution .  I went to the beach to go swimming and started to hear someone screaming.  There was a woman out in the ocean that was finding it hard to swim back to the shore when there was too many waves hitting the beach.  I got out my phone and dialed the number 911.  When the person on the other side answered, I told her what was happening and asked for someone who could swim out to save her if I couldn't.  They told me to stay calm and don't do anything that would put my own life in too much danger.  The police sirens were heard just a little bit after and they were driving fast to the beach.  One police officer got out and she worked really hard to go swim out to the woman to save her.  The police officer saved her from drowning out in the ocean water. Last month, I visited my relatives in Florida. I have an aunt and uncle there, as well as cousins. I hadn't seen them in years and usually only see them at family functions. However, this year, I decided that I was going to vacation in their area. As a result, I first bought plane tickets and planned my luggage and times, called out of work for the days that I vacationed, planned a rental car, and then went there. I had a great time and was able to see many family members that I hadn't seen in years. It was an enjoyable experience and not only did I get to see family that I do not get to see often, but I also got to swim and experience the lovely hot weather of Florida. It was so much fun and I wanted to stay even longer. I had to fly home a week later though unfortunately. One night earlier this week I cooked a grilled salmon for dinner. I had picked it up on my way home from work along with some vegetables to steam cook for the meal as well. I drove home from the store and cleaned my kitchen to begin preparing the meal. I cut the vegetables first and began steaming them in a pot on the stove. Meanwhile, I began to cut the salmon on the cutting board. Once it was sliced into four good pieces, I started up my charcoal grill. Once it was hot, I put the salmon on the grill one slice at a time and cooked it until it was sufficiently cooked through and as done as I wanted it. Around the same time, the vegetables finished cooking. I took all of the wood and put it onto a plate. Then, I took it over to the kitchen and ate at the kitchen table. I took a trip to Las Vegas with my best friend for my fortieth birthday. I was so excited to be in the excitement and action and fun and away from my mother duties at home. We stayed at Planet Hollywood, in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. The day we arrived, we went straight to gambling, while drinking some cocktails. After a few hours, we decided we really wanted to go out dancing that night. I called around to a few different clubs and got us added to the guest list at Tao, as it was open that night and seemed like it was going to be fun. We went and got all dressed up in dresses and heels, took a cab and went to the club. We got in quickly, since we were on the guest list. We got a drink, started dancing and did not stop until the sun came up. It was the best birthday I can ever remember. On my way to school today I noticed that I was missing a button on my shirt.  It was not important, since it was located beneath where I tuck in my shirt, so I continued on to school and told my mom about it when I got home.  She said she would help me sew a new button on my shirt.  I got the sewing basket and looked inside to find a button that was similar to the other buttons on my shirt.  I also found some thread that was the same color as the thread that was on the other buttons on the shirt.  I threaded a needle, tied a knot at the end of the thread, and began sewing the button onto my shirt.  My mom thought I did a good job.  I was pleased with he work I had done, and now I'll know what to do if I ever lose another button from my shirt or something else of mine. To wash dishes you need two main things, dish soap and a sponge. You should moisten the sponge with water then pour a little dish soap on top. Usually soaking dishes before washing them is a good idea. After soaking them I usually wash the easy to wash dishes first leaving the other dishes to soak and hopefully clean off better. After the easy dishes are done I move to the harder dishes like ones with crusty egg on them. These dishes take a lot more scrubbing and may take a few tries to clean off. After I am done with the dishes you put them in the separate sink to dry off. If you would like you could also take a clean dry towel to dry the dishes. After the dishes are dry you may leave them in the sink or put them back in the cabinets or wherever you keep them. I was doing some remodeling in my house and decided it was time to put some new wallpaper up in one of the bedrooms. The first thing I had to do was pull the old wallpaper off of the walls. I put newspaper down on the ground in the bedroom so that there wouldn't be a big mess anywhere, and began pulling. I was able to pull the wallpaper off in very large sheets, except for a few spots where the paper was very sticky and stuck to the wall. I used a solution to get the remaining glue off of the walls, and waited for everything to dry so I could come back the next day and put the new wallpaper up. The next day, my boyfriend and I worked together to peel the back off of our new paper to expose the adhesive, and we carefully pasted it on the walls in the bedroom. We used a tool to flatten out any air bubbles that we saw. It took us four hours to wallpaper the whole room. We were satisfied with our work when we were done. Sometimes, we only think about getting all our toys out and play with them for as long as we can. But if we do only that, they end up being all over the place, and someone might walk on them, or they might get lost under the bed or the couch. And next time we want to play with them, we cannot find them. That is why after playtime is over, it is important to take a little bit of time to put the toys back together, and have a space especially for them. It is a good occasion to see which ones are broken or need a little bit of cleaning that can be done with adults. The good part being if we take the time to clean up all the toys and put them neatly together, the next time it is playtime, they will all be here ready and waiting. I was very hungry and it was time for dinner. I was in the mood for fish, and decided that was what I would make. I took some fish out from the freezer and set it in the sink inside a bag to thaw. I did not want to wait a long time to eat, so I ran warm water over the frozen fish in the bag to thaw it faster. After a while, the fish was not frozen anymore and I turned the water off. I got out a large frying pan and set it on the stove burner, and set the heat on medium on the stove. I poured some olive oil into the pan to make sure the fish wouldn't stick while it was cooking, and set each of the pieces of fish into the pan. After waiting for the fish to cook enough, I poured lemon juice on each piece of fish to give them more flavor. The fish was now done and I was ready to eat. We were renovating our bedroom because I felt like it needed to be updated. So as a weekend project we decided to work on our bedroom little by little. We started with the bathroom that is part of our master suite. My husband started by removing the outdated tile and flooring in the bathroom and I choose a beautiful tile and flooring to replace it. I then found a beautiful paint color to make the bathroom feel more open and bright. We painted the bathroom and changed the fixtures along with all the accessories. The result was satisfying, so I tackled my closet and redid the whole closet. I reorganized the whole closet and added shelves. Then we started to remove the bedrooms carpet and put a new carpet; which was a task that took us two whole days. We had never installed carpet before but it was fun. I painted the walls to match the bathroom and added the finishing touches to the walls. My husband changed the lighting in the room and moved in all the furniture. It took us five whole weekends to finish the room, but the end result was worth it. I love my renovated bedroom. Now, I told my husband the kitchen is next. It had been awhile since the last time I had my teeth cleaned so I called the dentist office and made an appointment. I picked a day and time at the end of the month that suited me. When the day came I drove to the dentist office, making sure to arrive a little before the time of the appointment. There was quiet music playing in the waiting room; but the chairs were not very comfortable. I waited, dreading the teeth cleaning(it is never my favorite). After about 10 minutes, a dentist assistant in a white coat came to show me to a chair. The dentist, smiling, greeted me and tipped the chair back. He used a tool with a small mirror and a pick to look at my teeth. Next he used a small whirring brush and water to wash and rinse my mouth. After each rinse, he directed me to spit in a small sink on the side. When my teeth were finally cleaned(and tasting like metallic toothpaste), I was released to go to the front desk, where I paid the white coated receptionist. Every Friday night, my family has movie night. We always order pizza to be delivered to our house for our movie nights. The first thing we do is call the local pizza store. When they answer the phone, we give them our order for multiple pizzas. We have to tell them what size pizzas we want as well as the toppings. They also always ask us if we want thin or thick crust. We typically order multiple pizzas so that everyone can have their favorites. After we've told them our order, the employee on the other end of the phone will give us a total and tell us approximately how long it will be until our pizza arrives. When the delivery driver arrives, he rings the doorbell and reminds us of the total. We pay him and add a little extra for a tip, and he gives us our pizzas to enjoy for movie night. I wanted to lay some new tile in a room at my new house. So I went to the store to buy some wooden flooring. While at the store I also need some other equipment to make my job easier. I purchased a nail gun, some nails, some work gloves, a table saw, safety goggles, and some need pads. I then went home and into the room where I was going to lay my new floor. I measured the length and width of the floor so I could know exactly how many pieces of flooring to cut for my new floor. I then proceeded to cut the appropriate number of pieces of flooring. I laid out the tiles on the floor and nailed each tile into the floor. When I was finished I vacuumed and dusted the floor and laid down a lacquer finish so the floor looked nice and new. My doctor said that I needed to be more active.  My brother had recently gotten more healthy by taking up tennis.  He invited me to join him down on the courts.  Before I left my house, I had to put on a good pair of shorts and shirt.  I wanted to be comfortable and cool.  After I put on my clothes, I drove down to the court where he was waiting.  My brother went over all the rules and then we did a few stretches together.  I didn't have any tennis equipment, so he brought me an extra racket.  We played a couple of easy games and he was easier on me than he should've been.  I still lost because I was in bad shape.  It was fun, but I was so sore the next morning.  Still, I can really see myself getting into this.  Hopefully, it's just what I need! One day I was sitting at home on my sofa watching television. Suddenly, the phone rang.  I got up and looked at the caller ID.  It was my mother.  I picked up the phone and said hello.  My mother and I talked about the day and what each of us had done so far.  I told my mother about how I went to the store with my friend and bought a new jacket.  I also told her about the flowers I planted in my flower box.  She was delighted that I had planted flowers and told me she had just ordered some new rose bushes from the church fundraiser.  She had bought 3 red rose bushes and one yellow and one pink. After several minutes, we finally said good bye.  I hung the phone back up in the cradle and went to sit back down to watch my television program. I walked past the garbage can that was in the kitchen of the restaurant where I worked to find that it was overflowing with garbage. To make the garbage fit better, I pushed down on the trash with my hand as I pulled the bag together with my other hand. I tied off the bag with a knot to secure it all. I grabbed the knot and pulled the bag out of the container and handed the bag to a co-worker to dispose of. Next I had to replace the bag I removed. I found a replacement bag in a box nearby. I took out a bag, opened it up, and inserted it into the can. I had to stick my hand in and open up the bag more when it was in, because it was sticking to itself. I used the excess at the top of the bag to tie it to the rim and and it was complete. My wife and baby and I went to the shopping centre to go look at some pants to replace the ones that had a hole in them.  We all got in the car and drove up the hill to go to a clothing store to get them changed.  We got out of the car when we got there and walked into the mall.  After looking for a good store, we eventually found one on the south side.  We entered and there was a lot of loud music playing.  The right hand side was the side for men, so I went over there while my wife went to the other side.  I found a pair of jeans that were pink and decided to buy them.  They cost a little over twenty dollars which wasn't that bad.  We left with our bags and got back in the car to go to our home. Last summer I decided to go to Mexico with my cousins . It was a nice vacation and we were very excited to go . In order to get to Mexico , we had to fly a plane . I have no issues flying a plane . I usually fly it constantly when I visit my friends in Florida . My cousins , on the other hand , were n't too keen on flying . They were very nervous on the plane . I had to calm them down . The food we received helped calm their nerves . Eating distracted them a little from our environment . Everything was fine until the plane started to experience a lot of turbulence . My cousins started to get afraid again . In fact , the turbulence was so bad , I started to feel afraid as well . Soon , the pilot announced that there was nothing to worry about . A couple minutes later , the plane flew smoothly again . Eight hours later , we arrived at Mexico . We were not only excited to be in Mexico , but we were excited to be on solid ground again .  After many weeks of waiting, it was finally time to plant our vegetables in the garden. Fortunately, it was a very nice, cool, sunny day. We grabbed a trowel, a rake and a hoe and headed into the back yard to begin the work. It had been a while since anyone had touched the garden plot, so it was full of weeds! We got to work pulling out all of the pesky grass and flowers. There were even some dandelions! (I might have blown the seeds of those back into the garden. Don't tell anyone, please). After the garden plot was weed-free, we turned over the soil using the rake and the hoe. Once the soil was nice and loose, we grabbed the seedlings that we had started in the basement. They were in little containers. First we planted the tomatoes in a row, digging a little hole for each plant, tapping down the soil, and then moving onto the next row. Next we planted the cucumbers, and finally we ended with a couple of pumpkin plants. After all of the plants were in the ground, we watered them with the hose, being careful not to drown them. I can't wait to see our vegetables grow! Last week I decided that I wanted to get a haircut . I called my hairstylist and made an appointment to come in . On the day of my appointment I drove to the salon , checked in with the receptionist and sat down and looked through a magazine for a few minutes until the stylist came out and called my name . I followed her back to her booth where she sat me in a spinning chair in front of a mirror . She asked me questions about how I wanted my hair cut and I explained it to her . Then she took me to another chair in front of a small sink where she washed my hair . When she was done , she wrapped my hair in a towel and took me back to the spinning chair . She combed my hair and then began to cut it . Once she was done , she blow-dried my hair . I looked in the mirror and was very happy with my new haircut . I thanked her and gave her a tip , went back to the receptionist to pay for the haircut , then went back out to my car and drove home .  It was a hot summer day and I wanted to have some fun, so my friends and I decided to go swimming! We all changed into our bathing suits and got some towels, and walked down to the community pool. We put on some sunblock lotion to protect our skin. We each set our towels down on lounge chairs so we would have someplace to sit when we weren't swimming. It felt very good to jump into the cool water on such a warm day. We spent hours splashing and swimming in the pool. When we weren't swimming, we were sitting in our lounge chairs talking, laughing, and listening to music. We bought soda and ice cream from the snack stand and had a wonderful time! When it started to get close to dinner time, we dried off and wrapped our towels around ourselves and started walking home. We were all very tired! John likes to go to the sauna and sit in the steam. he usually goes on nights after work when he needs to relax.  He heads down to his gym, and works out.  At the gym they have a sauna and hot tub. John is sore sometimes after he works out, or rides the bikes.  So when he is finished, he goes to the steam room, which is the sauna, and sits in the steam and lets it pour over him.  It is quiet in there and helps him relax. It cleans the body of toxins as well, you sweat it out.  Then, after that he goes into the hot tub for a few minutes, to help his aching muscles.  It stops them from hurting, and he sits in there for about fifteen minutes.  Then he dries off, takes a shower, and puts his regular clothes back on.  He drives back home relaxed and refreshed. I did the laundry today. I went into the laundry room and filled the washer with clothes and water. After about 5 minutes I poured the laundry detergent, and closed the lid. I then pulled out the clothes out of the dryer, because they were done. I then proceeded to fold my clothes; I sorted the shirts together, followed by the shirts, followed by the underwear and socks. I matched the socks and then put them in the sock drawer. I then hung the shirts and pants in the closet.  All of that took about 10 minutes 15 minutes later, I added fabric softener to the washer and reclosed the lid. After the washing was done, I placed the wet clothes into the dryer and closed the door. I cleaned the lint filter, and started the dryer. While the clothes were drying,  I started another load of clothes for washing. Yesterday I had to finally do my laundry. My dirty clothes had been piling up and I was running out of clean things to wear. The first thing I did was to separate all of my white clothes for the first load in the washing machine. I put both laundry detergent and bleach in the machine because it's harder to get white clothes clean again. I also wash the white clothes in hot water. After about an hour these done and ready to be put in the drier. I put the clothes in the drier for about 45 minutes and then started the next load of color clothes. I used detergent again but cold water and no bleach. By the time this load was finished the white clothes in the drier were also ready to come out. I put the white clothes on my bed to fold and put the color clothes in the drier. That took about 45 minutes as well. After these were finished I took those clothes out and folded them or put them on coat hangars. It took about two hours total for me to do all of my laundry for the day. Today, I invited Jim over so he could help me put up a painting. I showered around 10am in the morning, and Jim came over shortly after around 11am. We stood there conversing for around fifteen minutes. The topic of us being hungry came up, and I asked him if he liked grilled cheese. He did, so I whipped some up. We both thoroughly enjoyed them. After we ate lunch, we went into the living room. I flipped the light switch on. There was a painting my wife and I had bought, it was fifteen feet long and five feet tall. Because it was so large, it was also heavy. This is why it required Jim's help, even my wife couldn't life it properly while helping me attach the wire in the back to the nail on the wall. Jim easily held most of it up while I positioned the framing wire on the back to the nails on the wall. After we finished, I thanked Jim and he went home. I was home alone and sitting in my living room on the couch when suddenly the doorbell rang. It was loud and had a familiar ding dong sound that you could hear from everywhere in the house. I wondered who it could be. I did not have any visitors coming over, at least that I knew about. I wondered if it was a friend. Since I did not know, I went over to peek through the eye hole in the door. I could see them safely and they couldn't see me through the hole, so they did not know I was there. I did not know this person. They were dressed up nicely in a suit and was holding some papers and a clipboard. I guessed this person was trying to selling me something. I did not have any money to buy anything, so I opened the door and told the salesman that I was not interested politely. They smiled and said they were sorry to bother me and then left. As I was driving down the street yesterday, I happened to notice the fuel gauge in my car indicated that I needed to buy some gasoline.  I knew there was a gas station with a decent price a mile down the road, so I drove straight there.  I pulled into the gas station, and I noticed that the outside pump was available.  This was lucky because the fuel cap for my car is on the driver's side, and I could easily pull into the station in the right direction.  I parked my car next to the pump with the gas cap next to the handle.  I turned off my car.  Got out, and as I did, I released the gas cover via a switch under the driver seat.  I pulled out my debit card, and I inserted it into the payment center.  I followed the instructions on the screen to enter my PIN.  When the screen said ready to fuel, I removed the nozzle, and inserted it into my gas tank.  I pulled and held the handle until it clicked off automatically, meaning that my car was now full of gas.  I returned the nozzle to it's cradle, put my gas cap back on my car, closed the gas cover with a click, and I got into my car and drove away. The last time that I went to a driving lesson, I felt slightly nervous before hand. Upon arriving there, I met with the instructor, who informed me that he was going to be conducting the  lesson. He then sat beside me as I begun to drive the car. He then helped me and gave me pointers as I drove. He noticed everything that I did and attempted to help me. He was very nice and didn't say anything in a negative or mean way. Instead, he attempted to remain positive while helping me. This was an experience in which I had a lot of fun and also learned at the same time. It was really enjoyable and helped to make me feel more confident as a driver. Upon exiting, he told me that I did a great job and I paid and left. I felt accomplished after leaving the center. Last night, I threw pizza into the trash can and some plates and I realized that the bag was starting to get full. I tried to fit some more in but upon realizing that I couldn't, I decided to replace the bag. I pulled out the garbage bag current bag, while trying not to spill any of the trash on the floor and had a new bag prepared. I placed the new garbage bag into the trash can and tied the old trash. Upon tying the bag, I took it outside and placed it on the front lawn, where the trash people always pick it up. I then pushed the new trash  bag down so that I knew that I could fit any new trash into the bag and I then stopped.  This experience was regular and easy and was influenced by the same routine that I always follow weekly. I had never planted a tree before , so before we planted one , I had to do a lot of research . I had to look up what kind of tree would work best in my climate . I had to see which ones needed certain levels of care , look up different tree diseases , and the prices of some trees . I had to find something that would work well in my yard . When we finally picked a perfect tree , we had to take it home . It was very heavy ! Once we had it home , we had to dig a very big hole . After you roll the tree into the hole , you have to do something called facing the tree , which means you put the tree in the position you are happy with the already existing branches growing . You do n't want a huge branch going right toward your house ! To make facing easier , you should fill the hole halfway with water before putting the tree inside . After you face the tree , fill in the dirt , and pat yourself on the back for a job well done .  Today is July 5th, and yesterday was the Fourth of July. Every year on the Fourth of July, my family and our friends go to the beach for a week. I am still at the beach. We have a beach house, which overlooks the ocean and even has a pool in the yard. Two mornings ago, on July 3rd, we woke up early and packed everything into our Jeep Cherokee. We packed beach towels, lots of sunscreen, beach chairs, buckets and shovels, umbrellas, snacks, water, swimsuits and whatever else we needed for the week. We drove about two hours or so, from our home to get to the beach. Upon arriving, we unpacked our Jeep and first visited our beach house. At our beach house, we grabbed our beach toys and a volleyball net and went down to the beach where our parents could watch us from the porch of the house. At the beach, we built sandcastles and swam with boogie boards in the water. Earlier today, we played beach volleyball. I love the beach so much, and will continue updating you tomorrow on my beach trip! I decided it was time to get my hair cut . I wanted a new style and a shorter length . I called the hair salon and made an appointment . The stylist greeted me upon my arrival and directed me to sit at her station . We discussed what style and length I wanted and I showed her a picture in a magazine as a reference . She placed a fabric cape around my neck and directed me to wash bowls . I sat in the wash chair , and leaned my head back into the bowl . The stylist washed my hair and towel dried it , the directed me back to her station . She combed my hair out and began to trim it with scissors . After she was finished cutting my hair , she blow dried it and styled it in the manner I asked . I paid her for the work and left a tip in her jar . I was very pleased with my new haircut .  My friend and I decided to plan a holiday trip.  She came to my house, and we sat on the couch to talk, and decide where to go.  I wanted to go some place warm, and she wanted to go someplace where we could ride different rides, like a roller coaster and a merry go round.  We decided that we would like to travel to Walt Disney World, in Florida, USA.  We turned on our laptop computer, and typed in the information to bring us to the Disney website.  We talked about when we could go on our trip, and decided that in two weeks, we would like to go for six days.  We picked the dates on the calendar on the website, and looked to see if there were any hotel rooms available during those dates.  We looked to see if the price was something that we could afford.  We decided that we could afford the hotel room, and then looked for airplane tickets.  We found a flight from the airport near our home, to the Orlando International Airport, which would be closest to Walt Disney World.  I paid for the hotel and the airplane ticket online and waited for an email to tell me that we were ready to go. Last night, I went to the sauna with my friend. It is a Swedish sauna with nice atmosphere and friendly people. We had reserved our room in advance. We arrived at the sauna around 8am. We entered the sauna. The host showed us our table. We sat down in our room and started putting the rocks into a pile. After a while, we took our first nap session. First, we dozed off. I didn't want to doze off too hard as I was too tired, so I meditated while lying down. Along with napping I read a book as I lied down. I decided to read the Lord of the Rings and my friend wanted to just sleep good. We woke up and spoke to the host. After a few minutes, he brought out more stones for the pile. We started talking while sitting down in the room. Finally, after 20 minutes, the host brought our stones. We started our second nap. The steam was good and we enjoyed it. After finishing our nap, we asked the host to bring our bill. After a few minutes, he came with the bill. I paid the bill and included a tip for the host. Finally, we left the sauna. We liked the sauna. When I was just 18 I was getting ready to go on a date. I had only been on a few dates before so I was pretty nervous. I got ready a couple hours before so that I knew I would have time to look my best. Eventually, the guy I was going on a date with showed up to pick me up. We went to Chilis and had dinner. We talked quite a bit and seemed to really hit it off. It took us awhile to get done with dinner because of how much we talked. After that, we went on a walk around the campus of the college I was attending. Finally, we ended the date by getting some ice cream together. When we were done he walked me back to my house and said goodnight. I dated that same guy for several years, and even now that we are married we continue to go on dates. I went to the store and went to the dairy aisle. I looked at the different brands of milk and selected my favorite. I bought one gallon of fat free milk and went to the check out to pay. I drove home and put it on the counter. I opened the cupboard and got out a medium sized pot. Then, I put it on the front right burner of my stove and turned the heat up to medium. I poured half the gallon of milk into the pot and stirred the milk. I turned the heat up to high and waited five minutes. Then, I checked the milk and stirred it again. It still wasn't boiling, so I waited another five minutes. When I checked it then, it was boiling. I turned the head down to medium and I stirred it and let it boil for half an hour. Then I turned the stove off. I needed to learn how to drive in order to get a driver's license, so I contacted a company that gives driving lessons. The driving instructor and I arranged a time when he would come to my house and pick me up for my lesson. Once he arrived, he taught me about all the tools and features of the car that I would be driving for my lesson. We decided to have my first lesson in the neighborhood that I lived in. I learned how to properly accelerate, brake and use my turn signals. He also taught me how to back the car up and park. We practiced parallel parking until I felt like I was really comfortable performing it. He instructed me on the importance of using the rearview and sideview mirrors. He also taught me the importance of using the emergency brake. We then discussed the importance of staying focused while driving and how becoming distracted can be dangerous. I learned a lot in my first lesson and we arranged a time for my second lesson the following week. For my grandma's ninetieth birthday, I thought that it would be nice to do something special for her. My grandma always said that it made her sad that people never sent handwritten letters before, so I decided to write a thoughtful, handwritten letter to her and send it in the mail. It took me a very long time to write my letter because I care about my grandma so much, and I wanted to make sure the letter was perfect. After I was satisfied with the letter, I put it in an envelope and sealed it. I wrote my grandma's address on the front, my address in the top left corner, and went to look in my purse for a stamp. However, I realized I was completely out of stamps! I checked my watch and saw that it was 4:15 in the afternoon, and our local post office closed at 4:30. I jumped in my car and drove to the post office just in time to buy my stamps. I put a stamp in the corner of the envelope and dropped it off at a mailbox at the post station. My grandma received her letter three days later and said she loved it! Last night my brothers and I all had to be in different places at different times so we weren't able to eat dinner together. My mom decided to order a pizza because it was something we could grab and eat on the way. First, she asked us whether we'd like pizza from Pizza Hut, Papa John's or Domino's. We picked Pizza Hut. She called and they picked up on the second ring. The worker asked what we would like. Mom ordered two large pizzas: one plain cheese and one pepperoni. Then she was asked if we'd like any drinks or breadsticks to go with it. She said yes to breadsticks and no to the drinks. Then we were told our order would be delivered in about 30 to 45 minutes. Mom hung up and told us to get ready to go. 30 minutes later, the pizza delivery person knocked on the door. Mom answered and gave him the money for the pizzas. She gave the driver $3 to keep for himself for delivering the pizza for us. The pizzas were delicious! I had ordered something special for my wife. A book about movies. My wife is a movie fanatic. We have a collection of movies on DVD and Blu-ray that is close to a thousand titles. This book was written by a well-known movie critic and had all of his movie reviews from the past decades. He even reviewed movies from before he was born. We had been waiting for this book to arrive. My wife was all a twitter. It was a Thursday when the doorbell rang. Our door bell doesn't ring often, and it when it does, we don't often answer it to avoid uninvited solicitors. I peeked out the window though and I saw the mail truck. I knew what it was so I ran, I didn't walk, I ran up the steps to answer the door. I didn't think I'd need to sign for the package but I Wanted to make sure the mailman didn't just take the package back. I threw open the door with a huge smile on my face and greeted the mailman. He smiled back and told me he had a package for us. I opened the screen door, he handed me the package, I said thank you. He said have a nice day, turned and walked away. I closed the door and rushed back downstairs to give the present to my wife. Last night I couldn't sleep.  I decided to make myself some warm milk because it tends to make me feel sleepier.  I got up out of bed and headed to the kitchen.  I opened the cupboard and found a small saucepan.  I went to the fridge and took out the milk I had.  I measured out one cup and poured it in the sauce pan.  I put it on the stove and turned it on to medium heat.    I took out a whisk and stirred so the milk didn't burn at the bottom of the pan.  I kept stirring for about 5 minutes.  Then, I turned off the stove and took out a cup from the cupboard.  I poured the milk into the cup and sat down at the kitchen table to drink it.  It was absolutely delicious!  And the best part was that it made me fall right to sleep. Not too long ago I had to take a trip to visit my friend in a different state. I needed to make sure that I had enough clothing to last until I came home, so I packed my old, brown suitcase to take along with me. First, I took my suitcase out of the closet and set it on the bed. Then, I went back to the closet and decided which clothes I would want to take with me. I choose 5 different pairs of pants, 5 matching shirts, 5 pairs of socks, and 5 different pairs of underwear. I also picked out a couple t-shirts and my favorite belt. I took all of this clothing over to the bed and placed the items into the suitcase, one by one. Putting the clothes into the suitcase was a little like doing a puzzle. I had to make sure that everything I picked out would fit, so I was very careful to arrange things properly. When I had all the clothes placed into the suitcase, I shut the lid and went to get ready for my trip. I was finishing cleaning up the kitchen and waiting for the dishwasher to end it's cycle.  When the button finally turned red and I could hear no more humming of the motor I depressed the level and opened the door to the dishwasher.  I pulled out the top rack and checked the cups and glasses for cloudiness or specks of any type of food matter.  Happy with the results of the dishwater I put the cups and glasses in the cabinet and went back to the dishwasher for the silverware and large utensils.  I also checked them, and again was happy with the way they looked.  I carried the utensils over to the drawer where I keep them and sorted the spoons from the forks and put them in their respective places.  Then, back to the dishwasher.  I checked the plates, bowls and pans that had been washed by the dishwasher and once pleased with their outcomes I also put them in their respective places. It was the day of our class field trip.  Our teacher had brought us to the museum.  We showed up to school as usual in the morning.  An hour after school started, we were led to the buses.  Half of the kids got onto one bus and the other half got onto the other.  We rode down to the museum.  Once at the museum, we stood in line for our tickets.  We got a discount for being students and being in a group.  The inside of the museum was amazing.  There were exhibits on dinosaurs and on mummies.  My favorite was the exhibit on World War II.  There was a replica of a tank and a fighter plane in the museum.  It was interesting and fun to learn about all the things there.  The guides told us cool facts about all the things we saw.  I can't wait to go again! Last week, I played a game of tennis with my grandfather. Before beginning to play, I grabbed rackets from the closet and a bucket of balls. I put them in the living room and grabbed water s that I could have some while I played. I then got the key to get into the tennis courts at the condo complex. After doing this,  I walked to the tennis court with my grandfather and started to play. We first just hit the ball around, then practiced serving, and finally played a game. We gave each other advice and tried to play as serious as best as we could. It was a fun experience and we both felt that we were getting a good workout, while also playing the sport well. Once we played a real game, we served the ball hard at each other and attempted to win the game. It was fun. Today I decided to visit a natural history museum. The museum was close to my house and weather was nice outside, so I decided to walk to the museum. I took me about 20 minutes to the walk to the museum. Once I was there, I went inside where there was a front counter. This museum required you to pay a fee to enter it. I went up the counter where a museum employee was sitting and talked to them. They told me how much it cost to enter and I paid them. They put a stamp on my hand so if I wanted to leave and return I could do so by showing them the stamp, and told me I could now enter the museum to look around. I started by exploring the bottom floor first. I saw the dinosaur exhibit where there were big dinosaur bones and drawings of what the dinosaurs looked like. After I saw everything on the first floor, I went upstairs to the second floor where I learned all about the cavemen and how they lived. Once I was done exploring the whole museum, I left and walked back home. My friends wanted something fun to do, so I decided to have a barbecue. I went to the store and picked out a bunch of steaks, hot dogs and chicken. I also bought buns, condiments and some paper plates. I brought them home and started warming up the grill. My friends came over one by one, and soon enough, everyone was there. We put the meat on, and everyone started commenting on how good it smelled. While everything was cooking, I put paper plates and silverware on a table next to the barbecue. I placed condiments there as well, and got some paper towels for everyone. Once the meat was done, I put it to the side and let everyone make their own dish. Everyone talked about how good everything tasted, and a few people even complimented my cooking skills. Once everyone was full, we cleaned up and everyone went home for the night. It was a great barbecue. I did my research and made sure that whatever tree I was planting could survive in my region , since my state can get cold . I checked to make sure it was okay to plant the tree . Since my parents were the land-owners , they said yes . I made sure to plant it far away from the house and any piper or wires . That way , when it grew larger , it would not be dangerous . I decided to plant a pine tree . They are not as messy in the fall , because they have needles that they keep instead of leaves that they shed . I bought a small sapling at a store . Growing a tree from a seed is more difficult . I dug a hole in the ground wide enough to hold the roots well and about 4 inches deep . I gently removed the tree from its container and placed it into the hole . Then , I covered the hole back up with soil and watered the tree . I was taking care of my Grandma and she asked me to make her bed for her.  After I helped her get out of bed and into her rocker, I took off the blankets that she was currently using.  I fluffed them up by spreading them in the air and then laying it over the top of the bed.  I leaned over the bed and tucked in one end of the blanket into the other end of the mattress.  After the bed corners were tucked in, I replaced all of the pillows that I took off for the blanket.  I spread myself across the bed to make sure that there weren't any creases in the blanket, just like Grandma likes it. She came back into her room after a while and saw that the bed was made.  She was very happy to see a nice clean bed to sleep in. Some things just taste better cooked on a gas stove. One of those things are eggs. They just cook better and taste better. First I turn on the flame by turning the dial on the stove. I then grab a non stick pan, preferably teflon and heat the pan on the stove. Then I drop in a pat of butter and once it starts to sizzle, I crack an egg and drop the contents into the hot butter. Once the egg is cooked underneath, I use a spatula to flip the egg and cook the other side. I turn the gas off just before the egg is done so that the residual heat in the pan cooks the egg the rest of the way.I grab a plat and set it on the counter next to the stove. I pick up the pan by the handle and slide the egg onto the plate. I double check to make sure that I turned the gas off and let the pan cool before putting it in the sink. I had to change a light bulb on a light fixture on the ceiling of the den. I got my ladder from the garage and carried it to the den. I made sure the light switch on the wall was in the OFF position. I set up the ladder under the light fixture and made sure the ladder was secure. I climbed the ladder far enough up to reach the light bulb. I unscrewed the light bulb by turning it to the left and removed it from the socket. I carefully climbed down the ladder and took the light bulb to the cupboard in the garage where I keep spare light bulbs. I chose a similar light bulb to the one I had just retrieved and took it to the den. I climbed up the ladder with the new light bulb and screwed it into the socket by turning it to the right. I made sure that the light bulb was screwed in correctly. I then carefully climbed down the ladder and turned on the light switch to check to see if the new bulb lit up. After I saw that it worked, I closed up the ladder and carried it back to the garage. I then put the old light bulb in a box to be recycled. Today, I discovered that my favorite button-down shirt was in fact missing a button. Instead of buying a new shirt, I searched for my handy sewing kit. I searched for a spindle of colored thread that closely matched the color of my shirt, a needle, and some scissors. I lined the button up with the spot it fell off. Carefully, I pushed the needle through the fabric into one of the holes of the button, and threaded through the hole directly across from the hole I started from. I did this a few times, occasionally creating a criss-cross pattern with the other two holes in order to secure the button to the fabric. Once I felt that the button was secure enough, I tied a good knot to keep the thread from unraveling. My favorite shirt was now fixed, all with just a few minutes of simple sewing. Last week I was able to go on a date with my husband. We have been together for a long time, going on nine years, and have a toddler, so it is rare to be able to get away to have a date night. Both our families live pretty far away, so to go out without our child, we have to call a babysitter. Maria comes over to watch Alex, and we were able to go out to dinner. We went to a French restaurant, where I had a steak cooked medium rare, and he had a pasta with a creamy sauce and chicken. We split a creme brulee for dessert, paid the bill, left a tip for the waiter, and left. After dinner, we went to see the new Wonder Woman movie, it was action-packed and very exciting to watch. After the movie, we went home, paid the babysitter, and went to bed. My family recently made plans to go on a vacation over Christmas Day. After a few days of figuring it out, we decided that we wanted to go to Los Angeles. We wanted to go here because of the theme park Universal Studios Hollywood, and how much we love the park. Planning this vacation took weeks. My parents booked a hotel room about a month in advance so that we wouldn't be struggling over finding a place to stay. Then, the week before leaving our home, we packed all of the clothes and toiletries that we would need for the time we would be gone. We also left our dog with a dog sitter, who would take care of them while we were gone. After all of the planning, packing, and booking, we were finally free to be on our way. We spend Christmas Day in Universal Studios enjoying the fun of the park like we wanted to. My family was bored. We had been in the house for days. We decided to go on a picnic and have fun. I already had lots of groceries from the store. I got the picnic basket out. It already had utensils, plates, cups and straws. I put in a big loaf of bread. We also needed lunch meat to make sandwiches. I put packets of mustard, ketchup, and mayonnaise. I put in a container of lemonade so we would have something to drink. In another bag I put some outdoor toys for a fun time outside. There was a Frisbee, a soccer ball, some pails and shovels. I told the kids to get any other stuff they thought would be fun outside. I gave the toy bag to my biggest child to carry to the car so we could get out of the house and have a good time. Off to the park we went! Last June, my partner and I went on a vacation to Miami Beach. We stayed at an Airbnb only a couple of blocks from the beach. It was so nice being only a short walk away from the beach. One day we went out to breakfast and then spent the entire day at the beach. We rented an umbrella so we could have some shade since it was an extremely hot and sunny day. We also rented a small locker box so we could keep our valuables safe. We made sure to apply plenty of sunscreen so we would not get sunburned and we also brought plenty of water with us so we would not get dehydrated. We alternated between laying down on our towels on the sand and swimming in the ocean. It was a very relaxing day and a lot of fun. We enjoyed our day at the beach very much. On a hot day last week I took my son to the local town swimming pool. Before leaving the house, we made to pack a bag with sunscreen, beach towels, sunglasses, waters, and snacks.  We put on our bathing suits and got into the car. We drove to the pool and walked up to the ticket window. We bought passes that would let us swim the entire day. We went inside the gate and into the locker rooms. Once inside, we put on our sunscreen and locked up our car keys and purse in a locker. We then went outside and found a lounge chair where we placed our towels, sunglasses, and snacks. We both walked to the edge of the pool and slowly got in as we got used to the temperature of the water. We spent the day splashing, swimming, and playing in the pool. We made sure to reapply our sunscreen every few hours and to stay hydrated and fed with out waters and snacks. Tim and Susan decided to take their son Timmy on a camping trip after school lets out for summer. Timmy's parents decided to sit down together and decide on the best place to go for camping. They searched online for local camping sites. After finding a camp site, Timmy's parents began making a list of activities and necessary supplies and camping gear that they would need. Finally, the family was ready to load the van with all their preparations for the camping trip and leave early the next day. After setting up their camp site, Timmy and his parents began to have a wonderful time camping. Some of the activities included fishing, trail hiking, camp fire stories and roasting marshmallows. Timmy and his family were having a great time camping together. Timmy's parents asked him if camping was something that he'd like to do again next summer. Timmy replied, "every weekend would be fine with me." We decided that we wanted to have a party this year for Halloween.  We went to the craft store to begin our process in making them.  We chose a small square paper to use for our invitation.  We folded this paper so that it looked like a card. We picked out a standard envelope to match the length and width of the card.  Next, we found some scrap booking materials to design our card. We purchased the items and left the store.  We made little pumpkins from the material, cut them out, and pasted them on the card.  In glitter and marker, we wrote, "Happy Halloween" on the front.  On the inside of the card, we used a marker to write a message.  The message indicated that the recipient of the invitation was invited to our party.  They were told to RSVP if they were going to be able to make it.  We sealed the cards and mailed them off to our friends. My friends and I had just graduated high school and we wanted to burn all of our textbooks.  We went to my dad's house that had a large firepit that we could put a fire in.  We asked him for permission and made sure it was okay for us to light a fire.  We made a pile of papers in the firepit and got a match.  We lit the match on the matchbox and threw it on the pile of papers.  The fire got very, very big and we had to stand back while it was hot.  We kept feeding the fire with piece of dried grass and even some logs.  We threw our textbooks into the fire and said that we were glad to have finished high school.  We got some marshmallows out with some sticks to put them on and roasted up some marshmallows for us to eat. Sometimes , something happens that can really just ruin your day . Take , for example , going for a fun bicycle ride only to have the tire go flat ! When something like this happens , it can seem like a big deal , but is only a small inconvenience . I do n't even know how to repair a flat bicycle tire , but I know how I could do it myself . First , I would read about how to fix it and maybe look at a video from the internet . After I have learned how to repair it , I would go to the store to get some supplies . I would need the tools to fix it and a new tire or things to use for the repair . After arriving home , I would review the things I learned about how to repair the tire and I would follow the directions . Once it was repaired , I would test out the bicycle to make sure it was repaired and then I would clean up .  Jim and Harry are best friends, and they love going to the park together with their moms and dads. Last week, Jim and Harry went to the park for lunch and while they were there, their moms asked for a picture.  So, Jim and Harry stood together at the swing set and let the picture be taken.  Jim wanted to try to take a picture with the camera on the phone.  His mom handed him the phone, and he pushed the button that had a  camera on it.  It opened the camera in the phone, and he pointed it at his friend and snapped the picture.  It came out a little blurry , so he had to do it again.  It was very easy to do, he held it up one more time and snapped the picture.  This time he held it steady, and the camera focused and was a nice shot of his friend Harry. When I am ready to drive my car, I make sure that I have my drivers license with me.  I grab my car keys and I go to the car and visually check the tires to make sure they are not low or flat. I open the door and get in the car then I lock the door. I then check the mirrors to make sure that I see properly out of them.  I put my seatbelt on and then I put the car key into the ignition and crank up the car. I place the car in reverse and look around to make sure there are no other cars or pedestrians in my path. I slightly press the gas pedal and back up, then I place my foot on the brakes and change gears to drive, then I put my foot on the gas pedal and drive forward and  drive and follow the speed limit and road signs until I reach a stop sign, traffic light or signal. I pay attention to the traffic around me and stay in my traffic lane until I need to change lanes and make turns.  I make sure that I use my left and right blinkers to let the traffic around me know that I am changing lanes or that I will make a turn.  I look into my rear view and side mirrors often to check traffic around me. When I am ready to get to my destination, I turn my blinkers on, I slow the car down and make sure there are no pedestrians in my path, then I carefully drive to where I want to get to a parking spot, and put my foot on the brakes, then I place the car in park, and then I turn off the ignition and take the keys out of the ignition. I then make sure I turn off all lights in the car then lock and close the door. Repairing a flat bike tire can be a little tiring , if you get my drift . Anyway , the last time I had to do this was when I 'd apparently ran over some random , sharp piece of metal that got stuck in my front tire . I had to get some sealant and a little oil for my tire pump . I flipped by bike upside down and used a wrench to take the whole tire off . I have an older bike , so it 's easier to do it this way . I deflated the tire and then I took the outer tire off . I removed the metal bit from the tire and the bladder . I sealed the bladder and had to wait for it to cure . The outer tire got a little bit of repair mix too . After the various mixes dried , I inflated the bladder a bit and put both the bladder and the tire back on the wheel . This took a while , since I had to make sure that it was well within the wheel well , so that the tire would stay on . The last thing I really had to do was fully inflate the bladder and put the tire back on the bike . It took a little while to do , but it was better than buying an all new tire .  It's time for me to make a shopping list as I running low on fridge. I take a look at my fridge and cabinets to see if there are any staples I am low on. I notice I am low on eggs and bread flour, so add them to the list. Next, I take a look at the flyer of sales for the week at the grocery store, circling items on sale that I might be interested in. After I finish, I flip through the flyer again, adding the circled items to my shopping list that I decide I really do want to get. For example, there's no need to get both ice cream and cookies, even if they're both on sale, so I only add ice cream to my list. I then take a look at my store of coupons, checking to see if I have any coupons for any of the items that are on my shopping list. Today I'm lucky, so I have three coupons I can use! And that's it: done with my list. School was going to be finished very soon, and we were waiting for this. We have been thinking to go for vacation for long time. We had few options, Disneyland, great smokey mountain, gulf shore AL, or yellow stone. we wanted to choose one from these.We never been to any of this place together. WE love water, and anything beside water. While planning for trip, we were considering distance from our house, and stay in motel. These 2 things were important, because it was biggest expense in out trip. Another important thing which we were most also, what things we can do at the place. We wanted to get maximum out of our trip. We searched for deals for these specific places. We found good deals for Disneyland, Florida. It has beach, it has amusement park and it has good food and motels, so we decided to go there. Then we started to look for motels which is close to the location with average facilities, specially free breakfast deal. We wanted to make sure that we choose the days which has low rates. I think everything worked out good. I had to change the light bulb in the kitchen. I walked over to the kitchen light switch and turned the light switch off. I got a small foot stool so I could reach the light  and then removed the old light bulb by turning it counter clockwise  from the light socket. and checked to see what watt it was. It was a 75 watt energy efficient bulb I could tell this buy looking at the writing on it. I had 75 watt energy efficient bulbs stored in the kitchen pantry and I was able to get one and go back and stand on the foot stool and turn the light bulb clock wise into the light socket. I gave it a light tug to ensure it was secure in place. I then went over to the light switch and turned it back on and saw the light come back on. When my family gets home from work and school, we are all hungry and ready for something to eat, so we all help preparing dinner.  I'll start by getting out some vegetables and chicken.  My wife will get a pot of water boiling for rice, and a pan for me for the chicken.  Our children will set the table, with a place mat, a plate, utensils, napkins and glasses and then go watch TV.  Once the pan is hot I put the chicken in to get them cooking, and I work on chopping up the vegetables.  My wife watches the water in the pot while making a salad, and once it is boiling she pours the rice in.  When the chicken is ready I flip it over, its nice and browned and the house smells great.  My wife has the vegetables in another pan as is cooking them with spices.  Everything smells so good, and I can't wait to eat.  Finally, the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables and rice are ready as well.  We put everything bowls and call the kids to come eat.  We place the food in the center of the table and everyone sits down to eat our family dinner. I have family over at my house pretty often. Just recently, we had a small get-together at my house. Some of my much younger cousins were there, and they each took backpacks full of so many different toys. There were Legos, Batman and Superman action figures, Power Rangers, Barbie dolls, little plastic dogs, and so much more. The little ones made such a mess with these toys, and when they and their families left, the forgot all of the toys! My mom put me in charge of picking up all the toys and putting them somewhere that I could remember for when my cousins come back. I tried my best to figure out which toys belonged to which cousin, and I put them in each backpack. I then put the backpacks in my hallway closet, hoping that my cousins would be back soon to pick them up. Within 2 days, their mom came back for their toys. I gave her each of their backpacks, and she told me not to worry if I mixed anything up. It happens to me a lot where I wake up feeling especially lazy. When I say lazy, I mean lazy to the point of not doing anything, even cooking. When I wake up feeling this, my go-to meal is usually a plate of toast with jam, and a cup of either milk or orange juice depending on what was in the fridge. Obviously, I would first make sure that we had bread at all, and then I'd check for mold. If the bread was spoiled, I'd toss it in the trash and go to a nearby convenience store to buy a new loaf. It not, then I'd take two or four slices of bread depending on how hungry I was, and I'd put them in the toaster. I'd set the knobs to toast the bread exactly how I like it, and when it finished, I'd spread some grape jam on them. Then, I'd pour myself a glass of milk or juice and enjoy my breakfast. A few years ago I went to New York City. It's not easy to drive a car around the city, due to it being so busy and so many people living there. The main options for getting around are walking, taking the subway, bus, or taxi. We usually took the subway around, but decided to take a taxi from my hotel to see the Lion King on Broadway. I went out of the hotel and hailed a taxi by holding my hand up like you might see in the movies. A yellow taxi pulled up to stop, and I got inside. I told the driver where I needed to go, he started the meter, and off he went. The driver didn't talk much, and drove a little quickly for my liking, but I got there much sooner than the other transportation options would have taken. I paid the driver the fare on the meter, plus a little tip, and went inside to enjoy the show. I grabbed a hot dog out of the refrigerator and put it on a plate. I then put it in the microwave and cooked it for 15 seconds. I pulled the plate out of the microwave and carefully put the hot dog on a bun. I grabbed the ketchup and mustard from the refrigerator and put some  on the hot dog. Next, I pulled a spoon from the silverware drawer and scooped a little bit of relish out of the relish jar. Then I slowly and carefully scattered it on top of the hot dog. I had cut up some onions earlier and decided that they would probably taste good on it, too, so I put them on. My hot dog looked a lot yummier now and I was getting really excited to eat it. I took the plate and sat down. I ate the hot dog very fast, then got up and put the plate in the sink. Today I bought the flower plants for my garden.  I brought them home in the trunk of my car, where they fit nicely in the plastic flats that the plants were in from the store.  I also picked up a couple of bags of potting soil.  When I got home, I set the plants in the shade and set about to prepare the soil where I would plant the flowers.  I used a shovel and plowed up the dirt a bit, then dug a small hole for each plant.  I set a flower plant in each hole, added a little of the potting soil, a little water, then tamped down the soil around the plant a little so that the roots of the plant would benefit from being covered with the moist soil.  It will take a few days for the plants to recover from the transplant into their new home, but if I continue to water them and keep animals away from them, they should do just fine. My friend and I both had a Friday off of work a few weeks ago so we decided to spend the day at a local state park and take a picnic lunch along. We are both picky about what we wanted to eat so we each prepared our own foods. I went to a gas station that also makes custom sandwiches and ordered a sandwich that I knew wouldn't get soggy and would be OK to sit in a cooler for awhile; I got turkey and cheese with tomato, lettuce and onion, I grabbed a few mayonnaise packets to take along and put on when I was ready to eat it. I picked up a large bottle of water since we were planning on kayaking and I wanted to stay hydrated and I also bought a can of Coke to drink with lunch. I took the sandwich and drinks home and put them in a cooler with an ice pack. I remembered I had some fruit salad in the fridge so I portioned some out into a plastic container and added that to the cooler as well. As I was leaving I remembered to grab a roll of paper towels and some plastic forks. Last night I washed my hair. Before I got in the shower, I checked to make sure there was enough shampoo and conditioner. When I saw there was, I got in. I first rinsed my hair until it was very wet. I poured shampoo into my palms. I closed my eyes, so I would not get shampoo in them. I put the shampoo from my hands into my hair, making sure to get it very sudsy. I then rinsed it out. Once it was rinsed, I did the same thing again. Put shampoo on my hands, then my hair, then lather it until there was a lot of suds. I rinsed my hair well, and my eyes too, just in case there was soap in them. When all the shampoo was cleaned out, I got the bottle of conditioner. I squeezed the conditioner into my hands and put it on all of my hair. Making sure to reach the very ends. Once I had it in I rinsed it out, until there was no more conditioner in my hair. My hair looked very shiny. We decided we wanted to add wallpaper to a room.  First we had to decide what pattern we wanted to go with our dcor.  After we decided on the pattern we left to go to the wallpaper store.  When we got there, there were so many patterns to pick from.  A salesperson came over to help us make our selection.  We found what we wanted, bought the necessary supplies to hang the paper and went home to begin papering the room.  We started by measuring the walls, then we setup all the materials we needed to get started.  We unrolled the paper, put the paste on the backside of the paper and began to put it on the walls.  After several hours had passed we had succeeded in papering the entire room.  The ending result looked fabulous!  It was a lot of work but we were able to get it done by ourselves. I couldn't find an clean clothes to wear to work, so I knew I had to do the laundry. I put all of my dirty clothing in a hamper and carried it downstairs to the washing machine. I sorted through all of the clothes and put the bright colors in the washing machine first. I set it to cold water and put in the laundry detergent. As the water started to fill, I closed the lid. Thirty minutes later, the wash was done and I put the wet bright clothes in the dryer. Then I put all of the white and light-colored clothes in the washing machine. I added detergent and let the water fill it up. Once the bright colors were done in the dryer, I took them out and folded them neatly. When the white clothes were also done in the dryer, I folded them as well and I put everything away so I could find it later. My brother has an ear ache and needs to take medicine so that his ear gets better. My mom gets the little bottle of pink medicine out of the cupboard and twists the top off until it opens. She gets a little silver spoon out of the drawer and then pours the pink medicine into the spoon until it is full. Then she carried the spoon, walking very slowly and carefully, over to my brother, who is sitting in his high chair, and says "Open wide." My brother looks at the spoon and shakes his head and refuses to open his mouth. My mom tickles his tummy until he laughs and his mouth opens wide, then she pops the spoon into my brother's mouth, tilting it to the side so that all the medicine spills off the spoon onto his tongue. Then she says "Swallow." My brother makes a face, but he swallows the medicine. Last weekend, I went to the sauna with a friend. It had been a very tough week at work and we were both feeling pretty stressed out. We felt that going to the sauna would be the perfect way to relax and unwind. Fortunately, we live in a luxury apartment with a private sauna and pool. As residents of this apartment, we get free access to the sauna any time we want! It's a great deal and it's one of the best perks of living at my apartment. So, after getting lunch on Sunday, we changed into our swimsuits and each grabbed our towels and flip-flops. We then headed to the sauna at our apartment building, and enjoyed the feeling of being in the sauna. As soon as we'd been in the sauna for twenty minutes, both of us felt the stresses of the week just melting away, which was a great feeling. Today is my sister in law's wedding shower.  I'm so excited about the gift I bought her and I've wrapped it so nicely.  The box was a perfect cube, so I sat it down on the paper and cut the edges to make sure that each side was completely covered.  The wrapping paper is so beautiful, it has glitter and sparkles.  Once the paper is cut I taped each side to the bottom of the box.  My daughter came into the room at this point and asked to help me.  She gets so excited to be my little helper.  We turned the box on it's top and folded the paper on one side into a triangle.  She was watching so carefully so I let her do the other side on her own.  Once both sides were taped down we turned the box over and I let her pick out which bow she wanted to put on the top.  She picked a gold bow.  She was so proud of herself for making her Aunt's gift look beautiful. When I wake up in the morning I take a shower first thing because it helps me to get going. First I turn on the water and let it heat up. Once it's nice and warm I get in the shower. I don't take a long time in the shower because I don't use a lot of bath products. I shampoo my hair. I rinse. I condition my hair. I rinse. I wash my face. I rinse. I like to use body wash instead of soap on my body because it makes my skin feel less dry. So i scrub on body wash. And then I rinse. Sometimes I shave if I feel like it. I don't use shaving cream, just conditioner because it works the same. When I'm done in the shower I dry off and put on clothes after I put on lotion. Then I'm ready to go for the day. Once I made the decision to go to the swimming poor, I had to get myself ready. On top of picking out the swimming suit that I wanted to wear, I also had to pack a beach bag. In the bag, I put inside a beach towel  to dry myself off with, a pair of flip-flop shoes to protect my feet on the poolside, a swimming To protect my hair, and a pair of goggles to protect my eyes. My bag was packed, I prepared myself by getting in the shower to ensure my body was completely clean. After the shower, I put on my swimming suit and a wrap-around cover that would allow me to walk around comfortable. To protect my skin from the sun, I put on sunblock lotion, allowing enough time for the sunblock to dry on my skin before I get into the pool.  I put on a pair of walking shoes, and my sunglasses then headed towards the swimming pool with my packed bag. One of my friend he always liked ,and asked me to come over to her house to show her step by step. I accepted her invitation, and told her that it is very easy and even kids can do it. I told her what we will need, like bow style pasta, water, pasta  sauce , cheese and some seasoning . I went to her house. I first  I got big round pan, and filled it with water up to half. I let it boil and then I dumped 2 lb of pasta, and waited around 10 minutes to let it cook. Then I kept the sieve ready on sink, and picked up a pan and transferred on sieve.The all water went through sieve and pasta left behind. I immediately put them on pan and added some seasoning, pasta sauce and cheese and pasta was ready. I told her to taste some, so if we need something we can add. She liked it. That button fell off again! I love this shirt and I was determined to wear it to the party, so I went into the laundry room and pulled out the sewing box. Reaching inside I pulled out the tools I'd need, needle, thread, scissors, and a new button which thankfully matched the other ones. I found a quiet corner to sit down in and settled on the ground with the shirt spread open in my lap. I studied the button for a moment, noticing that it had four tiny holes in the middle of its face. I pulled the thread through the eye of the needle, getting it through the first time, then knotted the other end. I carefully placed my needle on the inside of the shirt where the old button used to be and pushed it through the fabric, making sure the needle went through one of the button's little holes too. Pulling the thread tight I pushed the needle back through a different hole on the button and through the fabric. Over and over I moved the needle in and out of the button holes, making a little x with my thread until the x felt nice and thick.  I pulled the needle through one last time so that it was on the inside of the shirt, took it off of the thread and knotted the thread end right next to the fabric. I gave the button a gentle tug to make sure it was secure and smiled. I was going to get to wear this shirt after all. This morning I noticed that the garbage can was full, so I decided I had better change the garbage bag. I pushed the garbage down with my hand so that it wasn't overflowing, then I grabbed the sides of the plastic bag and pulled up so that the the full garbage bag came out of the can. I placed the full bag on the ground and tied the top edges of the garbage bag together so that none of the garbage could come out. Then I reached into the kitchen cupboard and found the box of unused garbage bags. I pulled out one white bag and unfolded it, pushing it open with my hand and then stuck it into the garbage can. I made sure to tuck the top edges of the garbage bag around the top edges of the garbage can so that the garbage bag would stay in place. Then I put the box of garbage bags back into the cupboard and took the full garbage bag out to the garage. I love the beach and today was a great beach day.  I woke up early to make sure that I could find a parking spot at the beach because it would probably be busy.  I put on my bathing suit, grabbed a beach towel and my book and packed them in my bag.  I then remembered to pack my sunscreen to make sure that I did not burn.  I made a sandwich for lunch and packed that and a couple of bottles to water into a cooler.  When I arrived at the beach I took my chair, bag and towel and set up a great spot close to the water.  I took a quick dip in the ocean and I dove into the waves.  Then I decided to do one of my favorite things which is taking a long walk on the beach.  After that it was time for lunch so I ate my lunch and settled in for a nice nap.  A few hours later it was time to head home. Yesterday, I had to make a dinner reservation for my friend's upcoming birthday. In order to make the reservation, I first asked my friend where she wanted to go for her birthday dinner. She answered that she wanted to go to Red Lobster. I looked up the phone number of the restaurant on the Internet and then called the restaurant at that number. I spoke with a friendly hostess, who asked when the party would be, and for how many people. I responded that the party will be next Friday, and our group will have about 10 people total. The hostess said it was a good thing I was calling a week early, since for that many people, we'd need a private room. She took my name and phone number and reserved that private room for us for next Friday. I thanked her for her time and then hung up the phone. I have friends coming into town so I have to clean my house. This includes my least favorite thing to clean: the shower.  I use comet to clean my shower because it reminds me of the movie Mommy Dearest. I like to fling the comet around like Joan Crawford while yelling the name Christina over and over. This entertains me. First I take all of my soaps and shampoos out of the shower so nothing is in my way. Then I fling the comet around. Then I take a wet sponge and scrub the tile while mumbling about things are never clean enough and wire hangers and such. Once everything is scrubbed I turn on the shower and rinse away the comet and dirty. Then I repeat the process over again because that's what Joan Crawford would do. Though I doubt she actually did that. It was probably her maids. Sometimes I like to drink hot cocoa on a cold day. I make mine with unsweetened cocoa and add my own sugar, so it's not too sweet. First I arrange the cocoa, the sugar, measuring spoons, and a nice cup on the counter, so everything is ready to go. Next I get out fresh milk, and pour a cup of it into a large enough pot that there's room for the milk to expand as it gets hot. Then I put the pot on the stove and turn it on. As the milk starts to heat, it expands, and rises in the pot. I keep my eye on it, and keep stirring gently, so that the  milk won't cook onto the pan. When I see bubbles forming around the edge of the milk I know it is hot enough, and turn off the stove. I measure out my cocoa and sugar, and stir them in. Then I pour the chocolate milk into the cup. I do that very carefully, because it's still very hot. For an extra treat, I float a big marshmallow on top of the milk, and watch it melt. I had to go to the doctor to get an allergy shot so I called the doctors office and made an appointment for 9:00 am on Tuesday.  When Tuesday morning arrived, I woke up, took a shower and headed out the door to the doctors office.  I arrived at the office at 08:45 am  and signed in.  Being a few minutes early would give me time to take care of any business I needed too before I saw the doctor.  I gave the receptionist my insurance card so she could copy it and then I verified my address with her.  I then had a seat in the waiting area before the nurse called me to the back.  The nurse took my vitals before placing me in a room to await my turn with the doctor.  The doctor came in just after 9:00 am and we talked for few minutes.  He then left and sent in his nurse to give me my allergy shot.  After my shot, I left the room and made my way to the payment area where I paid my $30.00 copay.  I am now ready to breathe freely until my next allergy shot in four months. I was watching the football game when I heard the doorbell ring so I got up to see who was at the door. When I saw who it was and knew it was someone I trusted I opened the door and greeted them with a hello. The person at the door said hey back and asked what I was doing. I said watching the football game and asked if he wanted to come in. When he said okay I asked if he wanted anything to drink. He said yes so I made him a drink when he sat down to watch the game. Before I could sit down with him I heard the doorbell again, so again I walked over to see who it was. When I saw that it was another of my friends I opened the door and asked her if she would like to watch the game to. Today is laundry day! I go to my room and pick up all of my clothes and put them in the hamper. A hamper is a basket just for dirty clothes. I put in my brother's stinky socks. Then I bring the basket to a big box called the washer. My mother comes in and puts the laundry into the washer. I watch as it turns and jiggles. Sometimes it makes the floor feel like there is an earthquake! The washer makes swoosh sounds and I watch as the clothes spin around and around. Click! The washer is done washing my clothes. My mother comes back in and smiles at me, then she puts the wet clothes into another big box, called the dryer. Once the clothes are in the dryer she pushes a button and the dryer starts. This box is very loud! It sounds like a herd of dinosaurs are walking across my yard. When the dryer stops, the clothes are dry. Mother folds them and hands me stacks of clothes to put back into my drawers. Thank goodness my brother's socks are clean now! This morning I made tea to drink during breakfast. I started by getting a mug of water from the sink and pouring it into my Kureig. After placing my mug beneath the spout I put some tea leaves from the tea jar into the reusable cup and turned on the machine. It heated up the water and poured it through the tea leaves. After a few minutes the tea poured into the cup. While the tea was created I made the rest of my breakfast. Once the tea was finished I took the reusable cup out of the machine and put the tea leaves in the trash. Then I took the cup to the table and added two spoon fulls of sugar and a splash of milk in order to make it taste better. Then the tea was finished and I sat down for breakfast. It was a good cup of tea. I looked over at my alarm clock to see what time it was. The hands on the clock said that it should be 7:30 at night, but it was still the middle of the afternoon. I figured the cause of this problem was either that the clock was broken, incorrectly, set, or out of batteries. Upon inspection, I could tell that the clock wasn't running so I'd try changing out the batteries. I removed the cover panel, took out the old batteries, and replaced them with fresh batteries of the same size. Then I put the battery cover back on and re-adjusted the time. I had to look at another clock in my house to see what the time was. Once the clock was set, I checked back on it in 10 minutes to see that the time was correctly moving forward. It worked so I disposed of the old batteries and called it a day. It had been a long time since I washed my clothes.  I had two full bins full of dirty clothes.  I went to the store and got some quarters for the laundry machine.  I already had detergent and softener at home, so I only needed quarters.  I separated my clothes into two different piles.  One of the piles was light colored clothes, the other pile was dark colored clothes.  I took the light color clothes to the laundry room.  I put the clothes in the washing machine, added the detergent, and put in the right amount of quarters.  I started the machine and waited for it to finish.  After it was done, I moved the light colored clothes to the dryer.  I put in a dryer sheet as well.  I added the right amount of quarters to the machine, and started the dryer.  After they were done, I folded the clothes at put them away. Babies are very little humans that have to grow bigger and stronger before they are able to do the same things as us. When a baby is small they need help eating. After they have eaten they will need to go to the bathroom like grownups. However, because they cannot stand or sit by themselves, their mothers and fathers let them wear large plastic pants that the babies use to pee or poop in. After the baby has used their pants to go to the bathroom someone must change the plastic pants and put clean ones on the baby. The baby will cry if his or her panties are not changed. The parent or helper will gently lay the baby on their back, usually on a padded table. Then the helper will take the plastic pants off the baby. The baby will need to be cleaned. Usually someone will use a towel that has been moistened to wipe the baby's rear end and legs and anywhere else that is soiled. Then the parent or helper will gently lift the baby's bottom and slide another pair of clean plastic pants under the baby's bottom. After the pants are centered, the helper will seal the sides of the pants with tape. Now the baby is clean! It's time to clean the floor in the kitchen. The very first thing we have to do is take all the furniture and free standing things out of the room. I want to run the vacuum to remove dust, dirt and if there are any particles on the floor. Now we have to get a bucket and fill it with hot water and mix in floor detergent. You have to wet the mop. It's best to start in the corner of a room and move out so you back yourself out and are able to get out of the room with boxing yourself in and then have to walk across the wet floor. Start scrubbing your floor with the mop, always checking to be sure the mop is not getting too dirty. When you start to notice the water on the floor getting dirty, dip the mop in the bucket to rinse it and wring it out and repeat. As they say rinse and repeat until your floor is completely clean. It shouldn't take more than about 30 minutes to completely dry and then you have to move all the furniture and other things that were sitting on the floor back into the room. Every few months when my hair starts to feel shaggy , I know it is time for a hair cut . Mom calls to make an appointment with the stylist . When we arrive to the salon , the hair dresser greets me . She drapes a cape around me to keep hair from sticking to my clothes , and invites me to sit in a special chair . First , she leans me back to shampoo and rinse my hair . Once my hair is nice and clean , the hair dresser combs it out , gently removing any tangles . Then she grabs a pair of professional scissors to cut my hair . She trims the ends , which are often damaged . Sometimes she will add layers into my hair as well . After trimming my hair , she uses a hair dryer to dry it . Finally , she brushes my hair . When she is finished , I look in the mirror , pleased with my freshly cut hair . I hop off the chair and remove the cape . After mom pays the stylist , I thank her and say '' I ' ll see you in a few months . ''  It was the holidays and my mom wanted to go see her family in another town. We packed our bags and made plans on where we would stay. We drove a long way to see them. When we go to my grandparents home, they greeted me with hugs and kissed me on my cheek. I had not seen them in a while, so they commented a whole lot on how tall I had grown since they last saw me. My family and I all said hello, and how nice it was to see them. We talked about out lives and how school was going. We chatted for a long while until it was time to eat the dinner my grandma had cooked. We sat and ate with one another, talking about food and family for a long while. We all were ready for bed. It was very nice to see my family. I was in my bedroom on Tuesday when I noticed the paint on one wall was chipping. The rest of the house was just fine. It was just my room having issues. I went to the store the next day and bought what I needed. Once I was home, I unpacked my bags and got to work. First, I needed to get on the right clothing. I changed into something I wouldn't mind getting paint on. After that, I moved things away from the wall. Then I poured some white paint into the paint pan and dipped my brush into it. I brought my brush to the wall. I painted the wall from top to bottom, but some parts were hard to reach. In the end, I ended up having to get a ladder just so I could paint everything! Painting the wall was hard work. Once the wall was entirely painted, I left the wall to dry. Painting was difficult, but it was worth it. On Saturday, we went to a fast food restaurant Smashburger. We had seen commercials for it on television, so we wanted to try it. When we got up to the counter, we were handed menus. We read the menus to see what we would like to order. The milkshakes looked good, but I didn't want to get too much food and feel sick afterward. I decided to get a burger, fries, and a soda. My partner got the same, but with seasoned fries instead of regular fries. We gave our orders to the woman behind the counter, paid, and waited until our food was ready. When our food came out, we took it to a table and sat down. We both liked our food, although we did like the burgers better than the fries. When we were done, we waited to see what we should do with our garbage because we didn't see trash cans. We noticed that the people who work at the restaurant take away trash after customers are done eating, so we left our trays on the table. Afterwards, we walked to the subway station and took a train home. Last night, I realized that my friend's birthday is coming up next Tuesday. I felt like panicking a little bit, since I didn't have any time to go out to the store and get her a birthday gift. I decided the perfect solution was to shop for a gift online. With online shopping, I could get my friend a gift much faster. I went to my computer, then got onto the Internet. I searched for my favorite online marketplace, Amazon. I entered "birthday gift ideas" into the search bar on Amazon and browsed the many options that Amazon has for birthday gifts. There were plenty of gift ideas, like candy baskets and birthday cakes and gift cards. I decided to send my friend an electronic gift card, since that would reach her the fastest and I could get it to her by her birthday. I selected a $25 gift card to Starbucks, then entered my credit card information to pay for the gift. The gift was emailed directly to my friend, who loved it! Yesterday I chopped up vegetables for a salad. I removed all of the ingredients that I needed for my salad from the fridge. This included lettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion, broccoli, and carrot. I rinsed off each vegetable and removed my cutting board from he cabinet. I placed each vegetable on the cutting board and began to cut them with a large knife, making sure to remove peels and stems that were inedible. I threw these parts away in the garbage. I made sure to cut the vegetables into small, bite-sized pieces and slices, especially the larger vegetables like broccoli and lettuce. I also cut the vegetables slowly to avoid injuring myself with the knife. As I finished cutting each vegetable, I put it into a large bowl. Once all of the vegetables were chopped up, I put my cutting board and knife into the sink to be washed later. My brother and I like to go dancing with our grandparents. We go square dancing at the community center. Grandma made Grandpa and herself matching outfits just for square dancing. She made my brother and me matching outfits, too. My dress looks just like Grandma's, and my brother wears a hat with a blue band and cowboy boots exactly like Grandpa's. When the music begins, a caller tells the dancers to bow to their partners, and the dance begins. He calls out instructions for the dancers and they perform them. It was hard at first to keep up, but my brother and I have become very good at square dancing. Sometimes, when we get tired, we will drink punch at one of the tables and watch our grandparents dance. Grandma's colorful skirt swirls when she spins, and Grandpa's shiny boots gleam under the lights on the dance floor. I like to dance with Grandpa. When I was younger, I would stand on his boots and he would twirl me around the dance floor! After all that dancing we will go out for ice cream and talk about the fun we all had. I bought a gift for a friend. Depending on the kind of a gift and my schedule, I decided whether to get a bag, hand it unwrapped, or wrap it with some nice paper. There are times of the year that getting gift wrapping paper is a challenge because it is close to themed holidays like Christmas or Valentine Day. I keep a roll or two for those occasions. At home, I got a table cleaned out of other stuff. Brought the gift, paper, tape, and scissors. This looks like a pretty easy one since it was just a plain square box. I measure the gift box against the paper, but apparently I cut it too small, so I didn't cover it all. I had to try again and I got it right this time. I folded the paper and tapped it all up. Then I found a ribbon and a card to stick on it. I set down the gift to the side until I had to take it with me. A really good breakfast is toasted bagel, lox and onions. Start with Lender's plain egg bagel. They are soft and precut. Put the bagels in so that when the bagel button is pressed, the cut side is facing the heated elements of the toaster. Don't want to toast both sides of the bagel. No for the lox, the deep the color red, the better it is. Be careful and read the package. If it doesn't say salmon then is this other cheaper and tasteless fish that looks like salmon. The salmon is already cut razor thin so only have to open up the package to remove the fish slices. The cream cheese is the full flavored cream cheese. Not the low calorie. Having a little pre-softened up on the counter is preferable. Having the cream cheese too hard makes it difficult to spread the cream cheese. Get Walla Walla sweet onion and slice very thinly. Once the bagel halves are toasted, spread the cream cheese, add slice of lox and then some onion slices and there is you power breakfast at 4am in the morning that will last 4 hours while snow skiing in the great white north. Today I decided to get a gift and wrap it for my girlfriend's birthday tomorrow.  First, I got the book that I had purchased for her the day prior and set it on the floor.  I had to find some wrapping paper, so I went to the store and purchased some that said "Happy Birthday" on it.  I went back home and rolled out a large strip of wrapping paper.  I then cut the strip off, before placing the book on the inner, white section of the paper.  I grabbed some scotch tape and prepared a small strip with one hand, while wrapping two ends of the paper up over the book with the other.  While holding the paper down, I then taped it together so that the paper wrapped the book on one side.  Finally, I folded in the other two sides over the book and taped them down to totally wrap it.  I put a bow on it and hid it for the birthday party tomorrow. Last summer I took a road trip out to New England with my husband, Mark. We started going through Connecticut and up the beach highway through Rhode Island, and ended up spending the fourth of July in Boston at a hotel overlooking the bay. Mark had some relatives he had not seen or spoken to in a long time that connected with me on Facebook when they saw he was tagged in a photo. He never logs in. It turned out they lived close by and wondered if we would drop by for a visit. We said we would love to. The next day we headed over to visit Mark's aunt Jan and Uncle Nick. They had a cute little home with a nice wooded backyard, and open windows to let the breeze in. We sat and talked for several hours about our families, and how life had been over the many years Mark had not seen or spoken to them. They had prepared a delicious lunch for us, and after that we headed on the road again going to Maine. We are sure to keep in touch more often now. Halloween was coming soon, so I decided to throw a party.  The first thing I did was send out invitations to all of my friends.  I told them about the party a couple weeks before Halloween, so that they would know about it ahead of time and would not make other plans.  Next I started to get decorations for the house.  I got some spooky looking fake spiderwebs to hang from the ceiling, and some pumpkins to carve into jack o' lanterns.  I used a knife to cut off the top of the pumpkins, and scooped out the pumpkin flesh into a bag.  Then I carved shapes into the pumpkins to make faces.  I went to the grocery store and got food and beverages for the party so that people would have something to snack on.  I found my pirate costume in my closet.  The night of the party, I put candles in the jack o' lanterns, and put on my costume before the guests arrived.  I also played a playlist of Halloween songs.  We talked and danced and had a fun time at the party. I was thinking about my grandmother recently. I realized that I hadn't spoken with her in a while and I missed her. I decided to write her a letter. I sat down for an hour with a pencil and paper and wrote about how I was feeling and about all the fun things I had been doing with my family and friends. I included a few questions about how my grandmother was doing. When I was finished, I folded up the paper and placed it inside of an envelope. I wrote my address on the top left corner and my grandmother's address on the middle of the front of the envelope. Then I stuck a stamp to the top right corner. I took the envelope and put it inside of the mailbox in front of my house. The next day, the mailman came and took the envelope to send it away to my grandmother. My three year old daughter had a fever of 100 degrees.  I went to our medicine cabinet in the bathroom and got the Children's Liquid Tylenol down from the high shelf where I keep it out of her reach.  It tastes good, like cherry syrup, so I don't want her to accidentally find it and take too much of it. I checked on the label to see what the correct dosage was, and then got a measuring spoon from the kitchen to measure just the right amount. I put the medicine into the spoon and held it out to her, telling her it was a nice treat that would make her feel better.  My daughter opened her mouth and let me put the spoon full of medicine in, and then swallowed.  Then I had her lay down and put a cool, damp cloth on her forehead to help bring the fever down and make her feel a little better. When I arrived from Atlanta, and my friend supposed to  pick me up, but emergency came up and I decided to pick up a taxi. I like uber taxi services. I was in baggage claim, then I came out and called from my phone. They asked me where do I want to go and I asked how much it will be. I like uber because they will be responsible and I was alone and it was night time, so I preferred them more. He told me it will be there in 10 min. And yes he was there. In the mean time, I tried to find fare to reach my destination, so I know that I am not cheated. In 10 minutes, the cab was here. I had 2 bags, so he uploaded them on his car, because it was not space in his trunk, as car was small. I made sure that he is right guy. I reached my destination safely. I was bored last night and I did not want to go out.  I got myself some snacks and sat on the couch.  I turned on the television and flipped through the channels.  I could not find anything that I wanted to watch on the channels.  I decided to look at the movies that were for rent through my cable provider.  Some of the movies that were for rent cost way too much money.  Some of the movies you could only buy and they weren't even available to rent.  It was hard for me to decide between the movies that were available, so I watched free previews for a couple of the movies.  I decided to rent a comedy with an actor that I like.  I pushed the button that said "rent" and I confirmed that I wanted to rent it.  A message on the screen said I had access to the movie for the next 24 hours.  I watched the movie right then, and it was pretty good. Just recently, my entire family was home for the weekend. This is normally not the case, as either one or both of my parents have to go to work. Because of this, I wanted to make breakfast for them so that they could eat when they got out of bed. I decided that I would cook Pancakes, bacon, and scrambled eggs. I got out everything I needed, and heated up the griddle that I would use to cook everything. I started with the pancakes. I mixed the batter according to the box that it came from, and made enough for the family on the griddle. Next was the bacon. I laid down an entire package's worth of bacon on the griddle and cooked it until most of the fat was cooked off. Lastly, the eggs. I scrambled the eggs myself with a fork, and made some for everyone but myself, since I don't like eggs. When my family woke up, they immediately came to the kitchen and saw that I made them all breakfast. They all enjoyed it, which made me very happy. Me and my kids were just waiting for summer to set in, and could not wait longer as soon as may arrived. We book hotel at beach club in gulf shore, AL.We drove 6 hrs from our house reached there at 4 pm, and immediately went to beach was few blocks from our cottage. It was windy, but nothing stopped us, the waves were not so choppy. We stayed there for 3 days, and did not waste a minute. In the morning when it was cool, we hopped in Jacuzzi and warm swimming pool. It was very clean and big. They gave us complimentary lunch for our family. The service was good, but expensive. We went for parasailing, boat ride and scuba diving. It was fun. The only thing that last day, they put the red flag and could not go in water, and felt very bad, but next early morning we went and it was sunny and calm. Funerals are events that I usually find to be very very sad.  I did however just go to a funeral that I actually enjoyed.  My friends grandfather died at the age of ninety four.  He lived a wonderful life and when he died he was surrounded by all of his children and grand children.  According to his family he seemed ready to pass away and in his words he was "on to his next adventure."  His funeral was truly a celebration of a beautiful life well lived.  The atmosphere was extremely celebratory.  Following the church service there was a very large part at a neighboring Greek restaurant.  Many people gave toasts to pay tribute to his passing, and others told funny and engaging stories about his youth and his family.  The whole event really reminded me of the importance of family and the amazing roles our elders play in our lives. This morning I got my fish tanks ready for the day. I tuned on the aquarium lights and checked to see all the fish were doing well and said good morning to them. Of course, some of them know when it's time to be fed and get excited right away by swimming to the top, looking for floating food. I take the fish food out of the drawer where I keep it and take the top off, it's important to keep the fish food closed so it stays fresh. I know that more than one pinch will be too much and make the water cloudy so I carefully sprinkle just the right amount in the water, and then I stand back so the shy fish can come out and find food too. I watch them for a minute to see that everyone is eating and swimming like they should, and then I move on to the next tank. Recently , I was heading to New York for a business trip with a co-worker . We prefer to ride on trains because they are cheaper and we can enjoy the scenery along the way . We arrive at the train station at 5:30 am , snacks and blankets in tow in our bags . We purchased our tickets the other day , so we did n't have to worry about going to a booth to buy any . We went up to the attendant who was taking the train tickets to allow people on board , and we handed him ours . We hopped onto the train and took our seats towards the back of the train so that we could discuss a lot of what we were going to say and do in the meetings for our trip without being distracted much . As we discussed our plans and strategies , we 'd occasionally look out the window and see lush trees and valleys , animals , plains , and all manner of environments as we traveled from state to state . We had to switch trains a few times at different stations , but the process was pretty smooth and it is always nice to hear that whistle and the ALL ABOARD ! When we arrived at our destination , we got off of the train , exited the train station , and made our way to 52nd Street in our rental car .  My dog is a very large, 180 pound great dane named Walter. Walter is pretty lazy but about 5 times a week he likes to get outside for a while and walk around to take in some interesting smells. On these days, I will usually wait until around 9am before I tell Walter he is going to get a walk. Once he hears that word he gets incredibly excited and jumps around, almost knocking pictures off of my walls. I have a special harness that allows me to control Walter when he gets excited, but does not choke or hurt him. I put his harness on him while he wiggles excitedly and attach the leash before we go outside. I walk around a loop in my neighborhood for around 30 minutes before Walter gets tired and wants to go home. After we get back, I give Walter a treat if he was good and prepare his breakfast for him. My friend gave me a ride up to the driving school in time for my lesson.  The instructor was waiting beside the special car they use for driving lessons.  It has a brake pedal on the passenger side of the car where the instructor rides, in case he needs to stop you from hitting something. I got inside and went down the ten point pre-driving inspection list I had memorized, with things like checking to make sure the car seat and mirrors are properly adjusted for my size. Then with my instructors permission, I turned the key and started the car.  It was parked at the curb so I checked traffic, then pulled out into the flow of traffic on my left.  The instructor told me where to turn, and which way to go. I concentrated on remembering to be safe, to watch the traffic around me, and to use my turn signals and mirrors wisely. At the end of the lesson, we pulled up in front of the drivers school building and the instructor helped me with directions to parallel park the car back where it had been when we left. He told me what I had done right, and wrong, and how I could improve, before we shook hands and I called my friend to come and take me home. This morning, I woke up early at the hotel. I wanted to get a good start on my day. I headed to the store to buy a newspaper. I wanted to check the news, read the editorials, and get the sports' scores. I took a shower, got dressed, and ate breakfast. Then, I got in my car. Using my phone's search feature, I found the closest newspaper stand. I closely followed the map directions given by the personal assistant feature on my car's computer system. It led me directly to the stand. I parked my car, put a quarter into the meter, and I approached the stand. They had all kinds of magazines and newspapers from around the world. I picked out the one most relevant to my interests. Luckily, they had the same newspaper that's delivered to my door each day. I paid the owner of the stand. I then sat in my car reading. I was able to catch up with all the latest news in a few minutes. Every Sunday, when I was young, my family would drive up to Cleveland to visit my grandmother. My mom usually wasn't up when I woke up, but I was so excited I would go and wake her up. Soon she would have us all gathered in the car and ready to go. We would listen to the radio on the way up or sometimes my mom's tapes. After about an hour's drive, we would be there. My grandma would make all kinds of sweets and let me watch all kinds of movies and such that I would also want to go up more than that. She used to make the best cookies and cakes a kid could ever hope for. She also had the best dollhouses and some of the oldest toys I've ever seen. Stuff you probably didn't even know existed. She also had lots of comics from throughout the years that I'm sure my aunts and uncles collected when they were young. Today my nephew came to visit at my apartment. He is 5 years old and very active. His mom brought over his favorite toys to play with. Me and him spent the day playing with all of his toys. He was so excited to show me what toys he had and had a blast when I played along with him and his toys. After a few hours him and his mom had to leave for the day. Me and his mom had to clean up all the toys that were scattered all over the floor. It took quite a while, but we finally picked all of them up. It seemed to take longer picking up the toys rather then taking them out to play with. After we were done picking up the toys my nephew gave me a big hug and told me how much fun he had with me and then they left. Last night I ran the dishwasher through its cycle. I waited until this morning to unload it. First I opened the door to the dishwasher and pulled out the lower rack. I also opened my silverware drawer, and grabbed a handful of silverware from the special tray in the dishwasher. I put each of the forks, knives, and spoons into their appropriate slots, and then kept doing that until all the silverware was put away and I closed the drawer. Then I took the pots from the bottom rack and put them in their cabinet. After that I moved the plates one by one to shelf in their cabinet. Then I pulled out the top rack of the dishwasher so I could get to the cups and glasses. I picked up the glasses one by one and put them into their cabinet, and then did the same with the cups and mugs. Then I closed up all the cabinet doors. After that I pushed the empty racks of the dishwasher back in and closed the dishwasher door. My husband and I had been married for ten years and wanted to do something extra special for our anniversary.  I decided to make reservations for an upscale restaurant so we could celebrate together.  I called Estabans and young woman answered the phone.  I told her I would like a table for two for next Saturday.  I explained to her it was for a special occasion and would if at all possible, prefer one of the tables on the patio.  She said she would do what she could and said she put us down for next Saturday.  When the day finally came around, my husband and I got dressed up and went to Estabans to have dinner.  I went up to the hostess stand and told them we had reservations.  The hostess looked at her paper, and escorted my husband and I to one of their best tables on the patio! When I got home from work, my dog was very excited to see me and I could tell he wanted to go for a walk. After I changed my clothes, I put on his leash, got some plastic bags to collect any of his poop, and grabbed a bottle of water. It was a very hot day, so I wanted to make sure we both had water to drink. As we started walking down the street, a neighbor's dog ran out at us, startling my dog and me. I was nervous because the dog was very aggressive and loud. I knew my dog would protect me but I was worried there would be a confrontation. As it turned out, once they barked at each other, they were friendly. The dog's owner came out of his house and apologized. As a result, I got to meet one of my neighbors whom I'd never met before and he got along just fine. We decided we should let our dogs play together because they got along so well. Yesterday, I took my dog for a walk. I first asked him if he'd like to go outside, and he got very excited. I walked to the front door and picked up his leash. I asked him to sit, and he sat on the ground. I attached the leash to his collar and opened the door. We walked outside and I was sure to lock the door behind me. We walked down the street and the dog sniffed some plants, some grass and a street sign. He was interested in some bushes, so I let him smell them for a few minutes. After that, we got to the park where he could use the restroom. I was sure to bring extra bags in case this happened. I threw the bag away in the garbage, and we started our walk home. He sniffed the same bushes we passed earlier once again. Once we got home, I opened the door, took off his leash, and gave him a treat for being a good boy. It was a very good walk. A couple weeks ago, I had to travel out to Wisconsin to be with family. I have not flown domestic in a long time, so was not used to paying for checked baggage. I didn't want to pay the extra fees, so I looked up the carry on size and went out and bought a new suitcase that was small enough to carry on. It was a hard shell suitcase that could expand. It was black with orange polka dots, which is not usually my style, but it was on sale and fit the dimensions I needed. I laid the suitcase on my bed and began to sort through the clothes I needed: some underwear, socks, shirts, pants, pajamas, a dress, and some dress shoes. I folded all the clothes neatly and began arranging them inside my suitcase. I put my shoes in a separate section, along with my toiletry case. The expansion on the suitcase made it so it zippered and closed easily, and I was all packed and ready to go. I was in a hurry and was hungry so decided to eat at Jimmy John's fast food restaurant. I looked through the menu to see what I was hungry for and ordered the #15 club tuna with a bag of chips and a fountain drink. Since I had some more things to do before heading home I decided to eat in the restaurant. I paid for my food and waited for my sandwich to be made. I put ice in my cup, filled it with Coke, put on a lid and put a straw in. When my sandwich was done being made I thanked the employee and sat down to eat it, it had the perfect amount of toppings and I did not need to remove or add anything extra. The sandwich was filling so I took the chips with me to eat later. I topped off my soda to take along with me as well. For my 13th birthday I decided I 'd bake my own cake instead of having my Mom buy one for me . To keep it simple my Mom bought a Betty Crocker cake mix . Once my friends arrived we gathered in the kitchen to make the cake . The first thing we did was set the stove to the temperature indicated on the box . While the stove warmed up I asked my friend Nikki to be in charge of getting things from the fridge while my friend Stephanie went to the cabinets to get whatever I called out that was needed there . Once we had the bowls , measuring cups , and liquid ingredients from the fridge we were ready to start mixing . Three people making a cake is a bit difficult to do , but we had fun talking while we were doing it and I ended up doing most of it while my friends chatted with me . I put the mix in the bowl and added the fresh ingredients . We took turns mixing that up and then poured the mix into a cake pan that Nikki greased with some butter . I then put the cake into the stove while wearing oven mitts and set the stove 's timer to the suggested baking time on the box . While it baked we could n't help spooning out some icing for ourselves . Last night, I made spaghetti for my family. I bought all of the ingredients at the supermarket. When I got home, I set all of the ingredients on the counter and washed my hands. I put water in a large pot, added some salt, and put the stove on high setting. Then I took the ground beef and put it in a pan. I turned the stove on medium and started breaking the large piece of meat up with my wooden spoon. I stirred the meat until it was completely brown. Then I took a jar of marinara sauce and added it to the meat. I stirred in the sauce thoroughly and put the heat on low. The water was boiling, so I took the pasta out of the box and put it in the water. I stirred while the spaghetti cooked until it was soft. Then I poured the noodles in the sauce and mixed them all together. My family really liked it. There is a wall in my bedroom that I would like to paint. It is the wall beside my bed. Right now the color is blue but I want to change it to green because green is my favorite color. My Mom has already bought the paint that I need from the paint shop. Painting is a messy job so we have to be very careful when we are preparing. I put on my oldest clothes and we get an old bed sheet and spread it out on the floor. I find a paint roller and the tray and put it down on the sheet. I pour some of the green paint into the roller tray. Rolling with paint is easier than using a paint brush. It is much faster. I roll the roller in the paint and then start to roll it onto the wall. I roll until the paint runs out and then I roll it in the paint again. This is fun! The blue paint starts to disappear. The green looks really nice. We need to let this coat dry and tomorrow we will do this all again. I will have a green wall in my bedroom before I go to sleep tomorrow night. I love painting. The last time that I took the subway train was when I was going to college. It was before class and I was coming from about an hour away. I remember first arriving at the train station and walking down the steps to the underground train station. After walking downstairs, I sat on the bench in the dirty, gross platform area. I waited for about five minutes until the train arrived and I let people get off. Following that, I got on the train and sat down. The seats were hard, but the train was air conditioned and we started. We stopped at every station and after a few stations, we arrived at mine and I got off. I then exited the train and went up the stairs to the street level. This was an easy experience and everything occurred quickly and efficiently and was the same as it always has been. We were really excited about going to Disney World, but we also wanted to discover the world's best sea shells, which were a few hours away on Sanibel Island.  Since my wife and I lived in New York, we knew that driving there would be difficult, so we decided to fly.  Making a reservation is always difficult since you get severely penalized for changing or canceling your plans, so we were careful to make sure our work and families would be okay with our plans before booking.  We started tracking our flight on a couple of sites to see what kind of prices we could get.  One morning, a price alert came through indicating that the price dropped and that we could save a lot of money if we acted quickly.  We logged onto the Web site and confirmed our purchase before those unpredictable machines could change their minds and raise the prices again.  Florida here we come! Yesterday I went to my grandma's funeral.  My grandma passed away only a couple of days ago.  Her funeral was early in the morning.  I woke up an hour before I was supposed to be there.  I got ready.  I dressed in black, since a funeral is a sad event.  I left my house thirty minutes before the funeral began so that I could get there on time.  Once I got there, I got out of my car and I went inside of the church where the funeral was going to be.  There were rows and rows of pews, where people were sitting.  I sat in the front pew since I was a close family relative to my grandma.  I sat down next to my mom, my dad, and my sister.  Once I sat down my family and I waited five more minutes until the funeral began.  At the front of the room, was my grandma.  She was in an open coffin.  In front of her, behind a podium was the pastor.  The pastor was reading a scripture from the bible.  Afterwards he said nice things about my grandma and how she lived her life.  After the pastor was done, a lot of my family members went up to the podium and talked about my grandma and how much they were going to miss her.  After we were done, we got in our cars to drive to the grave yard where she would be buried.  We drove in a long line, in front of us was grandma in her coffin in the back of a hearse.  There was a police car guiding us to the grave yard.  Once we got there, we walked out to where my grandma would be buried and we watched the coffin go into a hole in the ground.  Once she was buried I looked at her head stone.  Her head stone said beloved mother, grandmother, and friend.  We laid flowers on her grave.  Then we all went to eat at my house, and talked about how much we all love and miss my grandma. One week ago, I was on Amazon shopping for birthday presents for myself. I was looking for electronics like maybe a Fitbit Surge, Blaze, or Charge. I was not sure if I wanted a Charge 1 or 2. I also checked online on other websites such as Ebay, Craigslist, backpage, wish, and Jet. Overall, I decided to go with Amazon because I have some gift cards for that website that I have not been able to use for a long time. Well, I have more than some gift cards per se. I have about $400 that I am trying to get rid of. I like the Fitbit Charge 2 best of all because it has a clock feature and is not too expensive. If I get this Fitbit instead of a cheaper one than I might not need to get myself a normal watch for my wrist later on either. First I put away things that were left out: clothes, papers, books, mail, etc. I needed some cleaning supplies so I went to the store to get glass cleaner, sponges, and disinfectant.  I already had a broom and dustpan as well as a vacuum.  I started by wiping down the countertops to get them clean, then used the glass cleaner on the windows and mirrors to make them shiny.  I went back and focused on the stove since it had baked-on messes, then cleaned out the refrigerator by throwing out items I wasn't going to use or that were old, then wiping it down thoroughly inside and out.  Next I vacuumed the entire flat, using different attachments as needed: for most of the open, easily accessible areas I used the regular full vacuum but for smaller areas and the edges/corners I used the skinny attachment for better reach. Finally I dusted any area that looked like it needed it, made the bed and fluffed the sofa cushions. I will turn sixteen years old soon, so my parents decided to enroll me in classes for driving lessons. They dropped me off at the driving school on Saturday afternoon, and I went inside to check in. The instructor met me in the lobby and took me to the practice car. It had "Student Driver" painted on the sides so other drivers would know I was learning. Since I already knew many of the basic rules of driving, the instructor decided to move on with the lessons. I sat in the driver's seat, put on my seatbelt and turned the key to start the engine. The instructor told me to place my foot on the brake and put the car in reverse. I checked my mirrors for any nearby cars, and I slowly backed out of my parking space. I braked again, and I placed the car in drive. The instructor taught me how to use turn signals and how to park. He had me park the car back at the school, and shut the car off. My younger brother was turning twenty-one last month , and the family decided on a trip to Las Vegas . We packed our things , and had our grandmother drive us to the airport . We had already purchased tickets online , so we went straight to the gates to find the waiting area for out flight . The TSA conducted a minor inspection of out belongings , everything turned out just fine . We waited close to fifteen minutes before we were called up for boarding the plane . After finding our seats on the passenger jet , we were instructed by the flight attendants what we needed to do in case of emergency , and well as show us how to use out seat belts correctly . We were instructed to turn off out electrical devices during take off . Before we knew it , we were in the sky , thousands of feet above the earth 's surface . The flight did not have any issues with turbulence .  I enjoy unloading the dishwasher, because I remember when I didn't have one. Usually, I start with the top rack. If any cups or glasses up there got turned over and filled with water, I empty them and dry them. If any of the bottoms of the glasses are wet, I wipe them dry as well. Then I put everything from that rack in its place in a cupboard or drawer. Next, I do the biggest plates, stacking them in the cupboard. Smaller plates get stacked on top of them, and then the smallest plates of all. Bowls are stacked in the same cupboard, next to the plates. Last, I pull out the silverware basket, and put it on the counter above the silverware drawer. Then, I pull out the silverware and serving-ware and put each piece in its spot. I check each one as I go, because dishwashers sometimes make mistakes. Today was my wife's birthday.  I had been busy at work and I had forgotten to get her anything.  I knew she had been wanting to try one of the new restaurants that had just opened in town.  I looked up the restaurant online and found there phone number.  I picked up the phone and dialed the number to the restaurant.  There was a pleasant hostess answering.  I told her about my problem and asked if I could get a reservation.  She asked me information like what time and how many of us there would be.  I told her any time would be fine and it was just my wife and me.  The hostess booked me down for a reservation at seven.  I'm sure my wife will be very excited.  I have the reservation number all ready in my wallet and I can't wait to try it out myself!  It will be great! My town holds a yearly dance at town hall. The dance is formal dress, and every single person who lives in the city is invited to participate. The event has largely become popular for how often people meet new romantic partners at the dance. Last year, I met the love of my life at the dance. I arrived at town hall around dusk along with a few friends of mine. We were all very sharply dressed. We went inside and the music was already bumping. The ballroom floor was filled with people. I noticed a few women alone in the crowd, seemingly looking for partners. I danced with a few different people throughout the night, but at around midnight I saw her. She was alone on the edge of the dance floor, and she looked so beautiful. I went up to her, asked her to dance with me, and the rest is history. Last week, I printed invitations for a friend's baby shower. Each invitation included the event name, date, time, and location. After checking that they printed correctly and folding them in half, I placed them in envelopes and sealed each once shut by licking the adhesive on the envelope. I then placed return address labels on the upper left corner and stamps on the upper right corner of each envelope. Next, I grabbed my address list for the guests. I hand wrote each name and address of the center of each envelope, making sure to write all information down correctly. This included the guest name, house number, street name, town, city, state, and zip code. I then took all of the envelopes, and placed them in my mailbox. I put the flag up so that the postal worker would know that there were letter ready to be taken in my mailbox. This morning, I noticed that my apartment was very messy, so I decided that I had to clean it. First, I went to the store to get some cleaning supplies, including a broom, some dish soap, and some window cleaner. The first thing I did was clean the bathroom, which involved scrubbing the toilets, changing the paper roll, and wiping the mirror. After that, I vacuumed the floor of my living room and kitchen, and mopped it clean. I also had to do a load of dishes, which was my least favorite part. Finally, I had to clean my bedroom, which was the most difficult part of the whole day. I used a broom to sweep all of the dust from under my bed, and used a wet paper towel to wipe off all of the dust on my desk and dresser. Cleaning my apartment is fun, but it is also a lot of work. The low battery light on the alarm clock. I panic for a second until I find a pack of batteries in my kitchen drawer. I pull two out of the packaging. I slide open the battery slot on the alarm and pull out the two batteries  that are in their. One springs out, falls on the table and rolls to the ground. I pick it up and set it back on the table. Then I take a battery and flip it over several times trying to match the plus and minus signs to the battery slot. I push the two batteries into place and close the case. I set the alarm clock back on the table, relieved that the alarm will function reliably. I pick up the batteries from the table and put them in the container I keep to recycle them until I have enough to take to the store. Having bonfire on the beach is one of my favorite things to do while on summer vacation.  It is important to only do this activity at the beach because that is the safest place to have a bonfire.  My friends and I planned to have a bonfire last night.  I was in charge of collecting enough wood for the fire, so I spent the day doing just that.  I combed the beach looking for pieces of driftwood and other materials that would be safe to burn.  I met my friends at the beach and we started assembling a "pit" for the fire.  The pit is a circle made with rocks, this keeps the fire contained.  We then added the wood to the fire and lit the wood to start the bonfire.  Once the fire was safely going we decided to make smores as a tasty treat.  Bonfires are a great way to spend time with friends. I decided that it was time to renovate my bedroom. I wanted to get some ideas on what I wanted my bedroom to look like so I looked online at a variety of different pictures to get some ideas. I wanted to paint the room a different color, so the next thing I did was move all of my furniture out of my room. I painted the walls light purple. I then decided that it was important to have curtains to cover my windows. I drove to a housewares store and picked out curtains to match the paint. When I got home I hung the curtains. I had some pictures that were frames that were in a closet, so I decided that these would be good decorations for the room. I hung the pictures of my family, friends, and I around the room. The next thing I decided to do was to move my furniture back into the room. I wanted to rearrange it in a different way, so I moved it back in piece by piece putting it exactly where I wanted. I also wanted to add a new chair to my room, so I searched a furniture website online and found the perfect chair to go with my new room. When the chair arrived I placed it in my room, and it wad finally complete. I am so happy the I decided to renovate my room! Heating food on a kitchen gas stove if the easiest way to heat up food. I like it better than an electric stove. On an electric stove it take more time for the heating element to heat up and cool down. On a gas stove you just adjust the flame with a dial and then the flame gets bigger or smaller. Some stoves have to be started with a match by turning on the gas and then letting the flame of the match ignite the gas.  But usually when turning the dial the flame turns right on. I put the food into a pan and put it on the rack above the flame. Some stoves have small racks for small pans and big racks for bigger pans. The dial that adjusts the flame usually makes a clicking sound about half a turn to help adjust how big you want the flame. My son in law cuts my hair . He texts me to come and get a haircut . I go to the upscale salon and get the royal treatment . It starts with me remembering how to get there easily . It is downtown and they are all one way streets and canyons . I find my lucky parking spot and go around the corner into the salon and am greeted . I noticed that they remodeled . I see my son in - law and says '' `` go get a smock '' '' . I went into the little room , picked out a black smock and put on and sit down . I come with my hair wet . He colors the hair , I sit under the dryer . We wash the hair , I get back in the chair and he cuts it . The whole thing takes a couple of hours . I always feel so beautiful on the way home .  One day, I wanted to play tennis with a friend. I asked my friend if he had a tennis racket. His name is Bob. He said he did have a racket. We called the tennis court at the park to see if a court could be reserved. We reserved a court for an hour. We went to a sports store to buy tennis balls. We went to the tennis court. We used the dressing room to get into shorts. We decide to play 4 games. I started the first game serving. We took turns serving each game. I won 3 games and Bob won one game. We left the tennis court after the 4th game. We paid the tennis office manager for the rental of the court. We sat on a park bench to rest before going home. We both felt tired but healthier after playing. We decided to play tennis on one Saturday each month. I decided to borrow some books from the library . I went to the library and started looking on the shelves . There were so many good books that it was difficult to pick out just a few , so I used the library 's computer book search program . Eventually I chose several modern plays , a biography , and a book on ancient Rome . I took these books up to the librarian 's desk and asked if I could check them out . She said yes , I could borrow the books , but I needed to sign up for a library card . I filled out the form , and she took it . Then she made my library card and gave it to me . With this accomplished , I was able to check out my books . She put a card in each one with a date stamped on it . This was the date the books were due to be returned . I promised to return them on time and took the books home to read .  This past Saturday, my partner and I decided to have a barbecue at the park by our apartment. We invited a few friends to join us. On Saturday morning, we went grocery shopping and bought the ingredients to make cheeseburgers and hot dogs. We then brought the groceries home and prepared for the barbecue by packing everything in a cooler. We also packed a backpack with other necessary supplies for a barbecue in the park, such as sunscreen and a picnic blanket. We then carried our supplies and our grill to the park. It was only a five minute walk away. We found a nice spot to set up our things and about ten minutes later, our friends showed came and joined the festivities. They brought drinks and chips and guacamole to eat. We grilled the burgers and hot dogs and then all ate a delicious lunch together. It was a great day. My family and I decided to take plan a holiday trip. The first thing that we needed to do was decided on the dates of the trip. After we agreed on the dates we next needed to decided where it was that we wanted to go, luckily we all agreed that we wanted to visit someplace hot with nice beaches so we could enjoy the sun, sand, and ocean. it wasn't easy to decided on but once we all agreed on the location all we needed to worry about next was airfare, transportation to the hotel and a place to stay. Next we contacted a travel agent, which is a person that books trips for people, after the travel agent booked our trip all that was left to do was to pay for the trip. While we waited for the day of our trip to arrive we made sure to pack all of the items we would need while on are trip so that we would be prepared and ready to go the day of our trip. Finally the day arrived and we  went on are trip and had a great time. I went to the dentist yesterday. I was a little nervous but it actually went well. I got to the office and checked in with the receptionist, I wrote down my name and the time I was supposed to be there. After a few minutes they asked me to come back and I sat in the dentist chair. The dentist came out to talk to me and she was very nice. She looked at my teeth and asked me how I was brushing and flossing them and I said I was doing well. She said that my teeth looked well and then she was going to clean them. To clean them she took a little tool and scraped off some gunk that was on my teeth, then she brushed them and flossed them for me. It felt really nice and my teeth were so white afterwards, I had a good experience there. I went to the local mall the other day because I needed to pick up a birthday gift. I parked outside JCPenney where I normally park and it is in the middle of the mall so it's easy to access anything. I wasn't sure what I was going to buy so I had to browse throughout several different stores. I stopped in the food court and had lunch at a restaurant that had really good sandwiches and fries. I did find myself a new pair of sneakers at Dick's Sporting Goods that were a great price and fit perfectly. I browsed through a few more stores and also bought myself a candle at Yankee Candle and some gourmet popcorn. I stopped at Starbucks on my way out and ordered a frappuccino. I ended up not finding a gift like I was looking for so I picked up a gift card at the newsstand for a restaurant that I know my Mom likes. Once I finish washing and drying my laundry, I have to iron it. It's important to iron your clothes, because putting them through the wash can make them get wrinkled. When I iron my clothes, I take one piece of clothing at a time and put it on my ironing board. The ironing board is a special kind of table that I can iron clothing on safely. Then, I take my iron and being pressing the clothes. A clothes iron is very hot, and uses hot steam to soften the clothes so the hot metal can press the clothing flat. I iron my shirts and pants until they're nice and flat, so they look good and fit better in my closet. Ironing can be dangerous, because the iron is so hot. You have to be very careful so you don't get burned by hot steam or on the hot metal. Once I'm done, my clothes look great and they're ready to put away. My cat likes to be fed everyday around 5 PM.  He's a big, fluffy, orange cat named Henry.  Henry usually lets me know he wants to eat by rubbing against my legs and meowing.  Today, Henry came up to me while I was watering the house plants.  He was purring and meowing as he circled my legs.  I scooped him up and we walked into the kitchen.  I put him down by his food and water bowls.  I went into the pantry and grabbed a cup of dry cat food.  I added it to his food bowl.  Then I opened a can of wet cat food and cut it up and put it on top of the dry cat food.  Henry eagerly starts eating his food, still purring enthusiastically.  After several minutes, Henry is done eating.  I pick up his food dish and wash it.  I put it back down, clean, ready for his next meal. I cooked dinner for myself last night. It was a simple affair of packaged ramen, with some additional ingredients thrown in. First, I boiled a bit more than two cups of water, which was slightly above what the package called for. I seasoned the water with some salt and sesame oil for flavor. I also added a handful of frozen mixed vegetables. I then cracked open three eggs into a bowl, and sliced four hot dogs into diagonal slices. Once the water was boiling I added both the block of dried ramen and the seasoning packets from the package. I also added the sliced hot dogs, as well as two slices of Swiss cheese to give the broth more flavoring and creaminess. I then let it boil for two minutes. Finally, I poured the three eggs from the bowl into the pot and let it boil for an additional minute and a half before taking it off the heat. That way the egg whites would firm up, but the yolk would remain runny. One of my favorite week end breakfasts is seven grain toast with butter or jelly and a cup of coffee.  When I initially wake up in the morning I go into the kitchen and open the loaf of seven grain bread and pour a cup of coffee.   I then remove two slices of bread and put them into the toaster oven.  I toast the bread until the timer rings and then I usually end up toasting the bread again because I enjoy my toast toasted really well.  Once my toast is done I put it on to a plate and decide what topping I would like to have on my toast.  Usually I decide between butter and grape jelly.  Once I make a choice I put the topping on my toast and I choose a plate from the cup board. I place the toast on to the plate and I then enjoy my toasted bread. Last Saturday I went to the sauna with two friends of mine. We like going to the sauna, because the alternating warm and cold periods relax us. We took off our clothing in the dressing area, then wrapped ourselves in towels to be polite, and put on some clogs.  Fortunately, the sauna was already hot, or we would have had to wait for it to warm up! When I got into the sauna, we sat down side by side on the warm wooden bench.  The dry heat was quite comfortable, and we chatted for about ten minutes. Then we went out into the cooling area, and poured cold water over ourselves: that cooled us down and made us ready for the next stage. We made sure to drink some water too. After we walked back into the sauna, and closed the door, the attendant ladled water over the hot stones, and the air filled with steam! This warmed us up again, but now it was wetter than the first time we went in. It felt like a hot summer day in there: we were really sweating, but that was what we liked about it! Again, we waited about ten minutes before going out to the cooling room: the cold water washed away our sweat.  We went back and forth between the hot and cool parts twice more before taking a cool shower to end the day. Then we put our clothes back on and left. My friends and I felt very clean and relaxed: we were all happy after our time in the sauna! Maryam has always had her children help her make the picnic food. Now that they are older, she supervises them more than she actually cooks. Molly boils eggs to stuff, while Polly boils potatoes for potato salad. At the same time, Zak washes and chops raw vegetables to munch on, and fruit for salad. Terri makes a poppy-seed dressing for the fruit salad, and a white dressing for the potatoes. When the eggs are done, Molly cools then in running water and peels and stuffs them. Polly drains the potatoes, and peels them. Then Terri arranges the fruit salad and pours on the dressing, while Polly dresses the potatoes. Zak arranges the vegetables on a platter and covers them. Meanwhile, mama Maryam packs the plates, glasses, implements and linens in a wicker hamper, and papa Scott packs the food and drinks in a cooler. The family is ready for their picnic. I was getting ready to go on a holiday trip to visit some family out of state. I went to the computer and typed in, "Things to do in this area" and found lots of interesting things and places. After deciding which things seemed the most important, I then figured out a time to do each activity based on where they were and if it was something my family would like to do. Once I figured out what activities I would like to do, I had to decide how I would get to the destination. I chose to go by car as flying is much too expensive for us. I looked at the calendar to pick a day that would work for everyone and decided on the perfect timing. When the time drew nearer, I made a list of everything we would need on our trip, and crossed off each and every item as I placed it into the suitcase. I was ready to go! Today I will clean the shower. I clean the shower about one time a week. First I get my cleaning supplies: sponge and bath tub cleaner. Next I get everything out of the shower that will be in my way while cleaning, like: soap, shampoo and rubber ducky. Next I put some bathtub cleaner on the sponge of onto the shower walls and start scrubbing. Usually I move the sponge up and down then side to side to make sure I scrubbed every inch. I also clean the faucet and drain an shower head. Next its time to turn on the shower and let the water wash the shower walls so the bathtub cleaner will go down the drain. Then I put everything that goes in the shower back in it's place. I don't forget to put the cleaning supplies away. Now I can take a shower in a clean shower. I was planning a trip to Hawaii so I needed to make a flight reservation. Once I determined what days I would be in Hawaii, I then began to choose when I should reserve my flight. I picked a day and a half before my first full day in Hawaii for my arrival trip, and then the day after my last full day for the return. I searched online for possible flights that I could take. I entered my preferences into a search engine and it gave me several to choose from. I decided to select the flights that were more in-line with the timing of my trip rather than the cheapest ones. I selected the flights I wanted and then reserved two seats for me and my wife in business class. Once I got a confirmation of my purchase, I wrote myself a note so that I wouldn't forget the details of my flight. Camping is one of my favorite summer vacations.  There are several camp grounds I like to go to, so I make sure to call ahead and reserve a campsite.  Once I have a site reserved, I make my camping gear list.  I need to make sure I have all the things I will need to be comfortable, like a tent to sleep in, and a sleeping bag to sleep in.  And of course I'll need to eat, so I'll need a kerosene stove and a grill for the fire.  It helps to bring a cooler to keep the food and drinks cold and fresh.  I will also bring a camp chair so I can sit comfortably around the campfire.  Along with my camping gear I'll need to bring clothes, like hiking shoes, a bathing suit for swimming and warm clothes for the chilly nights.  Once I have all my gear and clothing I'll pack it into my car, making sure to leave room for myself, my dog and anything my friends want to bring. And then we are ready for our camping vacation. I was getting ready to go on a vacation to Florence, Italy for a week. I was excited because I had never been to Italy before. The first thing I needed to do before I left was pack my suitcase. First, I looked at the packing list my travel agent had sent me. I went through my closet and pulled out everything that was on the list from the travel agent. I laid everything in a big pile on my bed and then brought out my suitcase. I began to put all of my clothes in my suitcase. I put the larger things in first, since I could use extra room to squeeze in smaller things such as socks. I packed three pairs of pants, five tops, two jackets, ten pairs of socks, ten pairs of underwear, and two pairs of shoes. I made sure to include my toiletries in the bag as well. Once I had looked over my packing list and made sure I had everything I needed, I zipped up my suitcase and went to sleep to be well rested for my trip. Being an adult, especially in a house with multiple people means that there is always laundry to do. It may not be the most fun of the tasks, but has to get done. Every week, I wash everybody's clothes. I start with Alex, my toddler, and put all his clothes together into the washing machine. I pour in some detergent and start the washer on the warm setting. The clothes swish around and spin themselves clean. While that laundry is in the washing machine, I separate my and my husband's light and dark clothing. I put Alex's clothes into the dryer, and wash my husband's clothes, followed by mine. I fold all the clothes as they get dry, and put them away. Each type of item gets put away in its own drawer. I then wash all the sheets on the bed so it gets nice and clean. My favorite part of laundry day is getting into a bed with clean, warm sheets. I was looking in the mirror two weeks ago and thought my hair was getting too long , it looked scruffy and was getting difficult to style . I called my hairdresser and made an appointment to go and see her the following week to get a hair cut . It was difficult getting an appointment because she was very busy but I managed to get one . I drove to the hair salon where she works and parked the car . I walked inside and spoke to the lady on the reception desk to tell her who I was and who I was there to see , and she asked me to take a seat in the waiting area . There were lots of hair products on shelves around where I was sitting , and some hair style magazines on a table in front of the sofa I was sitting on . My stylist came through a door and greeted me and took me past people sitting on chairs in front of mirrors , all of them in various stages of having a hair cut . I sat down at my stylist 's usual chair and faced the mirror while she asked me what I wanted her to do . Sometimes when I go to see her I will have a picture of a style that I like that I have found on the internet or in a magazine but this time I just wanted her to keep it the same style but make it shorter . First of all she took me to an area with basins for washing hair and I had to sit with my back to it , with my head tilted back so my hair was in the basin . My stylist rolled up a towel and put it under the back of my neck to make the position more comfortable and washed my hair for me . After she was done she took me back to the chair and started to cut my hair , she pinned up sections of hair that she was n't working on and gradually let them down to cut them , eventually she had done all of it . She plugged in the hairdryer and sprayed some lotion onto my hair to make it easier to blow dry and proceeded to dry my hair until it was all dry and styled and shorter . When she was finished she held up a mirror for me so I could see the back of my hair . I was happy with it so I said goodbye and walked back to the lady on the reception desk to pay her for the hair cut .  Yesterday, I drove around town and first started my car and then started driving to my friends house. I put on my seatbelt reluctantly, but still went. I continued to drive, as I stayed in my lane and watched the speed limits posted. I enjoyed the ride and even though my friend wanted to talk, I focused on driving the entire time rather than having a conversation. When there was traffic, I drove a little slower, as I did around the turns. I used my break softly to ensure that the drive was safe and enjoyable for everyone. Upon arriving at my destination, I parked between the lines even though there were not many spots left and I pulled the keys out of the ignition and parked the car. Then I got out of the car and used the remote to lock the car. I had a good time and was safe. This morning I took a shower. I like taking a shower in the morning right after I wake up. It gives me time to get fully awake. It always takes a long time for the hot water to get to the shower. So I turned on the shower and bathroom sink faucet to help get the hot water to the bathroom quicker. I put my towel on the shower rod while I was waiting for it to get hot. Once in the show I noticed I needed to buy some more soap and shampoo. The water felt good. I guess I was in the shower a long time because the water started to get cool. I thought I better wash all the soap off quick. I did just in time. As I bent down to turn off the water the water was starting to get very cold. I don't like cold water. My family and I decided we wanted to take a vacation to Florida. The first thing we did was look at our schedules and go online to see what was going on in Florida on the days we would be able to go. After we figured out when we would be leaving and returning it was time to find a flight. We had to look at different airlines and compare prices and flight times from our location to Florida and also for the return trip to get back home. A flight that was cheap and did not have any layovers we would have to wait through was our top choice. We decided on Delta so we used their website to register and paid with a credit card to order four tickets and print them. We looked at all of the different rules and regulations about what is allowed on the airplane and the procedures when arriving at the airport. Our bedroom was starting to look shoddy. It needed a new coat of paint and new carpeting. We went to the hardware store and picked out a light-blue paint for the walls and an off-white color for the ceiling. Then we went to pick out the new carpet. We also picked out new light fixtures and light-switches. When we got home, we took all of the furniture out of the room. Then we got to work ripping up all of the old carpeting. Once that was up, we put painter's tape down to protect the floor and fixtures, and to keep the corners of the room clean. After that, we put paint into a paint tray and painted the ceiling with a roller. We touched up the edges with paintbrushes and then got started on the walls. Once we completed the paint job, we laid down the new carpet. We finished up by putting in the new fixtures and light switches. Our bedroom looks much nicer now. Yesterday, I had to wash my hair.  I went to the grocery store with my mom and bought some shampoo and conditioner.  I like the purple kind that smells like grape.  We paid the cashier at the store and went home. I went into the bathroom with my new shampoo and poured a small amount into my hand.  I walked to the sink. I turned the water onto cold and a little hot.  At the sink, I started to apply the shampoo.  I rubbed the shampoo into my head over and over until my head was all covered with the shampoo.  I then let it sit for about a minute.  After the shampoo sat for a little bit I washed it out in the sink. I rinsed it out with a cup. Next, I applied conditioner which smelled like grape too.  I squeezed a small amount into my hand.  After that I rub the conditioner into my hair. I rubbed the condition into my head over and over until my head was all covered with conditioner.  I usually let this sit for longer.  So, it sat on my hair for two minutes this time.  Then I turned the water back on cold with a little hot.   I rinsed it out with a cup. We still have a house phone, or land line as some would put it.  We cell phones, but keep the house phone because our cell strength is not always very good.  Last week I had fallen asleep on the couch when I dreamed that a bell was ringing.  Suddenly I realized it was the phone and sprung off the couch to run to the desk and pick it up.  The phone I picked up was a cordless phone, so I had to push the Talk button before answering.  "Hello, Josh speaking..." I said into the phone in my most professional sounding voice.  My Grandma Mary was on the other end and she wanted to talk to my dad.  "Dad isn't home yet, Grandma, can I take a message for him?"  Grandma asked me to ask Dad to call her when he got home.  I told her that I would, said good bye and hung up the phone.  Before I forgot, I took a piece of chalk from the chalkboard near the phone and wrote: 'Dad Grandma would like you to call her.'  Dad said that I had done just the right thing by leaving him a message and I felt proud that I had remembered. We had bought out house a little more than a year ago. It was a brand new house when we bought it. They are still building more houses in the neighborhood. Being a new home, all of the walls in the house were eggshell white. It's nice, pleasant, light but, a little boring. So, we decided we were going to add what is called an accent wall in the dining room. We would paint one wall a burnt orange color while all of the other walls in the dining room would stay white. It would just be something to add color, to draw attention. So, while I stayed home and moved all of the furniture away from the wall, and threw a blanket over everything, my wife went down to the store and bought the paint. While she was gone, I also cleaned the wall so no dirt or anything would be trapped beneath the paint. The first step was to prime it. Primer is used to prepare the wall and helps the paint stay on the wall. I did around the edges while my wife used a roller to do the center. We then waited a day for the primer to dry, then switched jobs with the actual painting. I rolled the center while she cut in around the edges. It turned out beautifully. Only thing is, now my wife wants to do MORE painting. It was a crisp cool night. The air was fresh with salt and the kitchen was warm. Guests were talking warmly in the sitting room while I moved swiftly from one task to the next. The pot of watcher bubbled on the stove and I begin to slowly pour in the bowtie pasta. The boiling pot frothed and hissed as the dense starchy mixture began to slowly release its dusty goodness into the water. The conversation grew quiet as I stared deeply into the mixture, stirring and monitoring to ensure an excellent al dente that would please any Italian chef. Finally, after what seemed like forever, the timer went off and I broke my trance, moving swiftly to drain and plate the pasta. I applied the sauce, served the dishes to my guests, and the party moved on. My job was done, and everyone was the happier for it tonight. Early this afternoon while I was cooking lunch I heard the doorbell ring throughout my home. I immediately started to ask myself if I was expecting anybody today or had I ordered any products online that were being shipped to my home. I remembered I ordered a new piece of clothing from Amazon a few days earlier and that the person at my door was most likely the post man delivering my package. So I stopped what I was doing and walked to the front door of my home. I have a glass circular window on my front door so I checked out the glass window to make sure it was safe to open up my front door before doing so. Once I confirmed the person outside was just the post man, I gladly opened up my front door and greeted the post man before he handed me my package. I like baking cakes with my granddaughter . I let her help pour in the ingredients and mix them together . I take a box of cake mix to her house so we can bake a cake together . We read the directions on the back of the box of cake mix . Then we get out everything needed to make the cake . We usually need eggs , cooking oil , and water or milk . We also need a cake pan , a large mixing bowl , a measuring cup , and a mixing spoon . Also it helps to make sure we have pot holders and a spatula . I pre-heat the oven to the temperature given in the directions . Then I grease or oil the cake pan so the cake does not stick to the pan . Usually the directions want me to add a little flour to the pan to coat the oil , but I like to use sugar instead because it does not leave the outside of the cake looking like flour . We start by carefully cracking the egg shell and pouring the egg into a small cup or bowl to make sure we do not have a bad egg . Then we pour it into the mixing bowl . If we need more than one egg , we do each one separately the same way . Then we measure out the amount of oil needed and pour it into the mixing bowl , too . Then my granddaughter mixes up the eggs and oil really well . Next , I measure out the amount of liquid -LRB- water or milk -RRB- called for in the directions . She adds the liquid to the egg and oil mixture and stirs it all up really well . Then we add the cake mix , a little at a time , stirring well to mix . Then I pour the cake batter into the baking pan and spread it evenly with a spatula . Next , I carefully put the cake pan into the oven and set a timer to check it to see if it is done . We check to see if it is done by putting a clean toothpick into the center of the cake . If it comes out with little or none of the cake batter stuck to the toothpick , it is done and ready to take out of the oven , using pot holders . If there is still gooey stuff on the toothpick , the cake needs to be baked a little longer and then tested again . We are eager to see how our cake turns out . We play games while we wait for it to cool . Then we taste a little piece before we put frosting on the rest of the cake .  I ride my bike to work everyday . I also ride for pleasure on the weekends . This morning I was pedaling along and all of the sudden I could feel the gritty pavement scraping the rim . I got off the bike and sure enough the front tire was flat . Well that is bad but not as bad if the rear tire was flat and I had to take the chain off . I always carry a spare inner tube and have a pump on the frame of my bike . This was going to be easy as I have done this many times before . I loosened the lock nuts that hold the front tire in place and pulled the tire from the frame . I looked in my bike pack and found the tool that helps take the tire off the rim . This took all of 5 minutes . When I had that off I took the old inner tube and placed it in my backpack to patch later . I then fit the good inner tube inside the tire and in reverse order fitted the tire to the rim . I next took my pump and filled it up to the correct pressure . I put the tire back on the front fork and tightened the locking nuts and was on my way . I was n't even late for work . Today I went to the airport to catch my flight to Las Vegas.  First, I had to drop my car off at the parking lot and take the shuttle bus to the airport.  After I arrived at the airport I located my airline, Southwest, and checked in with the automatic check-in machine to get my boarding pass.  Next, I made my way to the dreaded security line.  As always, the lines were very long and I had to wait my way through the ropes that always make me feel like I am part of herd of cattle.  When I reached the checkpoint, I showed my ID to the security agent and placed my things into the x-ray machine.  I proceeded to the x-ray booth until I was told to proceed.  I then grabbed my stuff from the conveyor belt and was finally on my way to my gate where I sat for a few minutes before boarding my flight. I was planning a surprise Christmas trip to Disney World.  First, I found the best inclusive deal with an on-site Disney Resort, and booked a 7 night stay which also included Park Hopper Passes.  I called customer support several times to make dining reservations six months ahead of the date, as I knew they filled up quickly.  I went to our local bookstore and purchased several trip guides so I could research and plan the best itinerary for this special vacation.  I planned early mornings because of my kids, with lots of downtime in the afternoons and a few activities in the evenings.  Finally, as Christmas neared, I devised a way to surprise the children on Christmas morning.  I bought Mickey Mouse balloons, tied a letter explaining that we would be getting on a plane later that day, and wrapped it up in a large cardboard box with some Disney paraphernalia.  I tucked it away in a corner for them to find after the initial rush of opening Christmas presents, knowing it would be the best present of all! Elisa had a job across the city, and she drove every day to that job in her car.  But this morning when she got up, she tried to start her car, it would not start.  So, she had to call a taxi to come pick her up for work.  She got out her cell phone, and dialed the taxi company.  They answered, and set up a taxi for her to come get her.  She did not have to wait long, and a yellow taxi pulled up outside her home.  He was a nice person, and took her to work.  She paid him his fare, and gave him a tip for doing a nice job.  She asked him to pick her up from work at 5pm, and he said he would do that for her.  So in the afternoon, he came back, and took her home. She had to call a tow truck to pick up her broken car, and take it to the shop to get fixed.  She was very glad for the taxi ride to work and home again. The last time  that I rented a movie, I decided to rent Central Intelligence from the nearest red box. First, I got in the car and went to the nearest red box. When I got there, I waited for a few people in front of me to finish. I then clicked on the movie that I wanted to see and was informed that they were out of that one at that particular location. I had to go to another one and that one thankfully was close. This one had the movie and I put my credit card in and purchased the rental. The rental movie came out quickly and I was able to leave. Unfortunately, the movie wasn't very good, but I had to return it a day later. I was only charged one dollar and I also received an email telling me to enjoy the movie and giving me the return date. Last night I made soup for dinner. I got to do it all by myself. I was so excited. We went to the grocery store in the morning to pick up the ingredients. We got carrots, celery, and onions from the produce section. Then we picked up beef bullion and lentils from the dry-goods section, and finally we got some ham from the butchers. When I got home, I peeled the carrots and washed the rest of the vegetables. I then chopped all of them on a cutting board. I cut the meat with a different knife. Then I heated up the pot on the stove and melted some butter in the bottom of the pot. After the butter was melted, I browned the onions in the butter. They smelled so good when they were cooking! It made me very hungry. After the onions were browned, I added the rest of the veggies and cooked them until they were soft. I then added the ham and heated it through. Once that was done, I added water and bullion to make the broth, and then put the lentils in. Then the waiting began. I had to wait for 2 hours for the soup to finish cooking. It was well worth the wait, though, and everybody liked what I had made. Even though the shower is used to clean people, sometimes the shower itself needs a good scrub. Lots of things can build up to make the shower dirty, such as soap scum, hardwater deposits, and general germs from being in a moist environment. Yesterday, I cleaned my shower and it only took about fifteen minutes. I put on my rubber cleaning gloves and grabbed a clean sponge. I grabbed my favorite antibacterial bathroom cleaning gel, and squirted it on the sponge. I dampened the sponge with a bit of water, and proceeded to scrub all over the shower, making sure to reach all the walls, the corners, and the floor. I had taken out all my products, like my shampoo and soap, before I started, so there would be nothing in my way. After I was sure I had scrubbed every surface very well, I rinsed all the cleaner down the drain. Now my shower is shiny and smells fresh. Last night, we had the most epic party with all of my friends. This morning, my house is a complete and total mess. I am going to have to clean it up. The first thing I need to do is to take a big garbage bag and walk around the house. I need to throw away every can, cup, paper plate, napkins, and all the random food that is hanging around. After that, I will go through and gather all of the dishes that need to be washed. I will wash, dry and put away all the dishes. Next, I will spray down all the counters and clean them. Next, I will go into the bathroom and clean the toilet and tub. All of the garbage needs to get taken out to the garbage cans. The last thing I will so to clean will be the floors. I will vacuum, sweep and mop. Then, I will take a nice nap while I wait for the floor to dry. My twice a week chore is to vacuum the carpet and it's time again. I pull the vacuum cleaner out of the closet and check to make sure the bag is not full. It's ready to be used. I roll it over to the room I'm vacuuming and leave it in the doorway. I need to clear the room of things on the floor and make sure it will be easy to maneuver around the furniture that can't be moved. I pull the vacuum into the room and find the plug that will be most convenient to access the full room. I start in one corner and work my way around the room making a zigzag pattern on the carpet. I go over the area several times to be sure the vacuum can really penetrate the carpet. I continue to work my way around the room and large furniture until the whole carpet has been vacuumed. I went to the spa and checked in with the receptionist to pay for my appointment. She gave me a robe and a towel. In the changing room, I took off my clothes and put on the robe. I wrapped my hair in the towel. I left my clothes and shoes and purse in a locker in the changing room and went to the sauna. It was very hot and steamy in the sauna, and I felt very relaxed. I stayed in the sauna for about half an hour and afterwards, I used a private bathroom to take a quick cool shower to rinse off the sweat. Then I went back to the changing room and changed into my clothes. I put the towel and robe in a laundry bin in the hallway so they could be washed for someone else to use, and said goodbye to the receptionist on my way out. When making fresh orange juice, the best oranges to use are usually smaller navel oranges. They tend to be sweeter and contain lots of juice. It is easy to squeeze fresh orange juice by hand, using a small bowl and large metal spoon.  First, cut the oranges in half, then over the bowl, cup a half-piece in one hand and grind the spoon in the middle of the orange's flesh, rotating or spinning the spoon several times to press the juice into the bowl.  Repeat this for all the orange halves, and the bowl has your fresh juice. After all the pieces have been squeezed with the spoon, you can still squeeze each piece by hand to get the last few drops out. A minimum of four navel oranges will yield about one cup of fresh juice. It may be best to purchase a bulk bag of oranges, as they are usually less expensive  overall than just buying  a few oranges. Last week on a bike ride to my friends house , I was traveling on a very rough road with a lot of rocks on the side of it . I realized after about 10 minutes into my ride that I had a very bad flat tire . Thankfully I carry the proper tools and items with me to fix it . I pulled off the road and opened my bag with my tools . After removing the tire and the tube inside , I used my tools to put a brand new tube inside of the tire . I checked it to make sure that I had aligned everything correctly and after ensuring that I did , I placed the tire back onto the bike . I then used my portable pump to make sure that I had the proper amount of air pressure inside of it , because I did n't want another flat . After checking everything twice , I was on my way again . It was an easy fix . I enjoy many different kinds of fish, but salmon is my favorite.  I went to the fish market and picked out a nice salmon steak, dark pink and very fresh.  I took it home and seasoned it with a little salt and pepper and a mixture of soy sauce, honey and some dijon mustard that I had mixed together.  I turned my oven on to broil.  I sprayed some cooking spray onto the pan so my fish wouldn't stick.  I put the pan into the oven and after four minutes used a small brush to brush on more of the sauce.  I let it cook for another four minutes.  I removed the pan and used a fork to see if the fish was done.  It was, so I turned off the oven.  I removed the fish from the pan and put it onto a plate with some rice and broccoli to round out the meal. Each month I have 5 bills that I need to pay. I have an electricity bill, a phone bill, my rent and two credit cards. It can be difficult to keep track and remember to pay them all so I have picked a date, the 3rd of each month. On the 3rd of each month I pap all 5 bills. This way I never forget because when you forget you usually have to pay a fine. I write a check and drop in into my manager's office before I go to work the morning of the 3rd. At work I go on the internet, login to online banking and pay my 2 credit card bills. At lunch I take a walk into town and I pay my electricity and phone bill in there. I enjoy the exercise and it feels good to have everything paid and nothing to worry about for the rest of the month. I have been so incredibly stressed lately. Between my work, my child, being a single mom, and keeping up with my household responsibilities, my body was really feeling the effects. My shoulders were tight, my head was constantly hurting and my muscles were sore. I decided to treat myself to the sauna. I looked online and found a local place with good reviews. I bought a 60 minute massage and sauna treatment off a local coupon page. I got dressed in my finest yoga attire and headed out the door. When I entered the spa, it was playing calm music, smelled like fresh water and was instantly calming. I met with the lady at the front desk who guided me back. First, I would have a relaxing hot stone massage, and then I would spend time in the sauna. The massage was relaxing, but the sauna was too hot for me. I felt like I could not breathe well. I enjoyed the relaxed feelings I felt after my treatments, so I will be recommending it to others, as well. I could not wait for spring. As soon as temperature became better I went to nursery and bought some vegetable (tomatoes, beans cabbage and egg plant) plants and herbs. I bought some seeds for cilantro and green chili. I was so excited. First I ploughed my little land and clean the dirt from weeds and stones. Then I added fertilizer to it and even it out all over. I got the plants out from pots carefully with roots. In one part, I planted all plants,  equally spacing between them. Covered the roots carefully with dirt. Pour some water on it and secured them on their place. On the other part of the vegetable garden, I dug the long row for planting the seeds. I made 2 rows to plant the seeds. covered them with dirt and sprinkled some water on them. I made sure there were no weeds around. Put net on plants so birds do not eat them away. Last Friday afternoon, my friends and I went fishing together. We caught so many good fresh fish, including salmon and mackerel. My friends and I were excited to cook the fish together afterwards, because we were feeling very hungry. At dinnertime, we started to prepare the fish for cooking by scaling the fish. We took a sharp knife and used the knife to take the scales off of the fish. We also cut the heads of the fish off, and then did the best we could to de-bone the fillets. My friend turned on the grill, and we decided to grill the fish in foil packets as our method of cooking. We placed the fish in squares of aluminum foil, added some olive oil, sprinkled them with salt and pepper, and then sealed up the foil. We put the packets on the grill and cooked them over the flame for ten minutes. When the fish was all cooked through, we dug in! John and Mary pay their bills every two weeks.  Paying your bills on time is important, so the best thing they do right away is to write each one down in a notebook, when all the bills are due for payment.  That way, they know what times they have to go online and pay them. Next, they make sure money is in the bank, so that when they pay the bills, the money goes to bills the right way.  Then they pick a bill, and go online to the website for that bill, and login with their id for that bill.  They put in their amount they want to pay and hit the pay button, and it takes it out of their bank, the amount that they want to go to that bill.  They do this for each one of their bills that are due, every two weeks.  They are happy to do this every two weeks, to keep all the bills up to date and paid. I decided to cook tuna steaks and baked potatoes for dinner. Before I left for work in the morning I pulled the tuna steaks out of the freezer and put them in the refrigerator to thaw so they were not frozen when I cooked them. I heated my oven to broil and sprayed a cast iron skillet with non-stick spray. The way I like to prepare tuna steaks is to rub them with olive oil and sprinkle them with garlic salt and smokehouse pepper on both sides. I put the skillet in the oven and set the timer for five minutes, after five minutes I flipped them and put them in the over for another five minutes. When they were done cooking I put them on a plate to rest for a few minutes before eating them. I scrubbed whole potatoes and wrapped them in wet paper towels. I put them in the microwave and cooked for six minutes, flipping them over halfway through the cooking time. When the potatoes are soft I put them on plates, cut them open and put some salt and sour cream on them to eat. I ate my tuna steak and potato with a glass of water. Every Saturday morning I go to the gym and when I return home from the gym I spend a couple of hours cleaning my apartment.  The chore I like the least on cleaning day is cleaning my bathroom particularly my shower.  This Saturday I am going to have to do a really good job cleaning because I have friends coming in for the weekend so I want to make sure that my guest bathroom is as clean as could be for them.  The shower is the first thing I clean whenever I clean the bathroom because it is so big and it takes the most time.  Luckily this is the guest bathroom and the shower is very rarely used so it does not really have a chance to get dirty.  I will make sure that I scrub that shower extra hard this weekend so that my friends have a beautifully clean bathroom for their stay. Today I had to wash my dirt clothes. I do not own a washing machine or dryer, so I had to go to a laundromat to wash them. I got in my car and headed to an ATM, so I could get cash for the change machine. When I reached to laundromat, I put my cash in the change machine. The machine gave me the amount I put in back, in quarters. I looked for empty washers, finding a whole row was free. I went back to my car and got out my basket of dirty clothes as well as my laundry soap. I divided my clothes in to piles. Lights, dark clothes, and white clothes. Once I had them all in the machine, I took the cap off my laundry soap. I filled the cap to the very top  then pored it into each washer, three in all. I put the quarters in the machine and they began washing. I waited while they finished washing. Once the machine stopped spinning, I divided the clothes again. The ones I could dry I put in a dry and the clothes that do not dry, I hung on hanger. I put money into the dryer and waited for them to dry. When they did I folded and put them in the basket and back in my car. I headed home once it was all loaded. I just needed to put them away when I got home. It was Friday and had been a long week, so I was not looking forward to cooking dinner. A quick check of the fridge showed that there was no leftovers from earlier in the week. Since it was Friday, I decided that treating my son to Burger King was acceptable, so I called for him to come to the living room. "How would you like to get a burger tonight?" I asked him. His smile was all I needed to know. We walked the two blocks to the Burger King. I opened the door and ushered my son inside. The instant we walked in I could smell fries. We walked up to the counter where we each ordered our food an a milkshake to split. We stood to the side watching the workers put fries into holders and sandwiches into bags until our names were called. My son ran excitedly to a table and pulled out his burger. He began eating it, alternating between fries, the burger and the milkshake. My friend and I decided we wanted to go dancing. We decided to go dancing at night. Once it got dark outside, I changed into comfortable clothes and shoes and met my friend. We walked to a nightclub. When we arrived, we waited in line to enter. The doorman allowed us to pay our entry fee and go inside the building. Once inside, we made our way to the center of the dance floor and waited for the music to begin. There was a DJ in charge of selecting and playing music. The DJ began to play popular songs. I danced with my friend. I shook my hips, shuffled my feet, and twisted my shoulders in tune to the music. Many people were dancing at the same time. The dance floor was crowded and hot. Everyone was sweaty and having a lot of fun. After we had danced for many songs, we got tired and decided to leave. We left the nightclub and walked home. Chopping vegetables can be fun. When I cook I get the the recipe and look to see what vegetables I need. Sometimes when chopping vegetables I use a knife. Other times I use a vegetable chopper. It is a machine I put the vegetables into and push a button. Then the vegetables get chopped up. The machine only holds a certain amount of vegetables. So sometimes I have to chop one group of vegetables at a time to get them all done. If using the chopper, then I have to clean it when I am done using it. The cup or bowl part lifts off with just the blades staying on the motor part of the chopper. If I use a knife then I get my cutting board. This is used to I do not scratch up the counter. When I am done using the cutting board I wash it. I was hiking a trail in Provo Canyon in Utah with by nephews.  We came to a pond which has several large fish in it.  There was a fish food dispenser near the pond which would allow a person to buy a handful of fish food for fifty cents.  I placed two quarters in the slot and turned the crank to dispense the fish food while I held my hand under the dispenser's outlet.  I got a large handful of fish food.  I gave some to each of my nephews and we proceeded to throw the food into the water.  It was fun to watch the fish eat the food.  The bigger fish ate first, but after a while the smaller and faster fish started darting in to get the food before the big fish could get to it.  After throwing out all of the food we all washed our hands and continued our hike. When I had roommates, we wanted to watch a movie that had just come out on DVD but that we didn't want to buy.  We decided that we needed to go and rent that movie at a Redbox booth.  My friend and I got in the car and we drove to a nearby store that had the movie.  We got out of the car and brought our wallets with us.  We clicked the screen on the booth until we picked the movie we wanted.  When we decided we wanted it, we put our card in the booth and it gave us a DVD to borrow.  We took it home and watched it that night.  The next day, we didn't want to see it anymore so we wanted to take it back.  I took it in the car with me, put it in its case, and put it back in the booth. When I woke up this morning I was hungrier than usual, hungry enough that food was more important than coffee. Ignoring the lure of the coffee maker I headed across the kitchen and opened the breadbox. There it was, one perfect, untouched loaf of nutty, grainy Italian bread. I found my bread knife after a bit of a search and started slicing. Sawing through the thick crust and trying not to squash the delicate insides, I measured off four thin slices. Now the question was whether to toast them in the toaster or the oven. It was cool outside so I opted for the oven. Taking out a cookie sheet I covered it with foil, spread the bread out on the foil and put some butter in the microwave to melt. Once the oven was ready I set the pan inside and turned the broiler up. The butter melted and once ready I drizzled it lightly over the bread. I stood in anticipation as the top of the bread slowly crisped and turned brown and waited for the perfect moment to snatch it from the oven. The bread smelled and looked amazing. I rescued it from the broiler and waited eagerly for it to cool enough to eat. I returned from the store with a large mesh bag of oranges. I set them down on the kitchen counter and got the pitcher out of the kitchen cupboard. I reached to the far back for the juicer. I hadn't used it in months because oranges had been so expensive, but the price had finally come down. I took a knife and cut one of the oranges in half. I set one half down and too the other into the palm of my hand. Holding it not to tight and not to loose I pushed it down onto the slotted metal cone in the juicer. As I turned and pushed, bright orange liquid squirted into the pitcher. When it seemed like no more juice would come, I tossed the peal in the compost and picked up the other half. Then I repeated the process with the rest of the oranges until the pitcher was full. I grabbed a glass and poured myself a drink before putting the rest of the juice in the fridge. John was just about to move in a new house and he was super excited about moving. Before he could move though he had to renovate the living room because the room has old looking decorations. John brought some friends over to the new house to help him renovate the room. They removed the carpets and replaced them. They also painted the walls a different color and replaced the windows because they were old. John and his friends worked really hard to help renovate the room. They were really proud of themselves after they changed everything. They decided they wanted to decorate the room too and made it very modern looking. John was thankful for the help from his friends and was really excited to start living in the new house. He couldn't wait until the date he brought everything else into the house. Everything in the new renovated room was perfect to him! I like to watch movies at home. I have an DVD machine I use to watch movies. Last weekend I watched one of my favorite movies. At first I did not know what I wanted to watch. My friend Billy showed up and he really wanted to watch my favorite movie again. So we did. It was a comedy. We laughed and laughed because it was so funny. Half way through we stopped the movie for a few minutes while I made pop corn. Billy and I talked about the first time we saw the movie. When the popcorn was done  we finished watching the movie. My eyes were wet from laughing to much. I think I will watch this movie more often since it is so much fun to watch. I heard that there will be squeal to this movie. It might be released this or next year on DVD. Last night we decided to head into New York City . Driving in was not a good option , who wants to deal with that kind of traffic ? So we decide a better idea was to take the train in . We parked our car at the train station in Newark and prepaid for weekend parking . I grabbed a small bag and we went to the ticket window to purchase our tickets . After that we just had to wait for our train to arrive and begin boarding . Once it was at the station we were so excited , we ran out to the platform and boarded one of the cars . We found seats quickly , unlike an airplane you just sit where you want . And then off we went ! The train seemed to stop a lot , there were so many more stations than I realized were out there . Eventually though , we heard those magic words . Penn Station ! We had arrived in New York City !  My mom and I had gone shopping at the mall yesterday.  While we were there we found a beautiful painting of a ballerina dancing on a stage.  We knew we just had to buy it.  Today, we decided we needed to hang the art work.  We knew just where to hang it--over the couch in the living room.  First, we unpackaged the painting.  Then we used a stud finder to find the stud in the wall.  After that, we put a nail into the stud.  Next, we took the picture and carefully centered it on the wall, hanging it on the nail we just placed in the wall. After the picture was hung, we stood back and looked at it to make sure it was centered and looked just right.  The picture looked slightly crooked and tipped just a little bit to the left.  I went back up to the picture and carefully adjusted it.  It was perfect! John and his father have barbeque cookouts on summer weekends when John's dad doesn't have to work.  He likes to help his dad set up the barbeque and grill.  John and his dad usually start with gathering the food at the grocery store, and then after that set up the food preparations in the kitchen.  John's dad takes the hot dogs, and the steaks, to the grill and turns on the gas grill to begin the grilling.  He puts on steak sauce for the steaks, and sets the hot dogs on the grill. They cook very fast on the heat.  He also asks John to wrap some potatoes in aluminum foil and put the potatoes on the grill too.  They cook along side the meats.  John's dad sometimes puts asparagus on the grill too, it is very tasty like that.  When the meat and vegetables are done, John's dad puts the food on plates to be put on the table for the guests. First, before we unload the dishwasher I check the sign we keep on it to make sure it says "Clean" on it. Once I know its clean, I press the handle in and it unlocks the door and the door swings down. I roll out both drawers, and start with the top drawer.  This has cups, glasses, mugs, and large cooking utensils.  I pass them to my wife who puts the cups and glasses in the cupboards and I put the cooking utensils in drawer near the stove.  We check them as we go to make sure there is no soap or food left on them.  Once the top drawer is clear, I slide it back in and empty the bottom drawer.  This has dishes, pans and small utensils. We work together to put the dishes and pans away in the cabinets and then we wipe dry the utensils with dish towels before putting them away in a drawer.  Finally we close the door and turn the sign over so the dirty side is showing, and we are ready to load it again after our next meal. When I am sick, I like to make tea to make me feel better.  I look in my cupboard to see what tea bags I have.  I pick the one I want to drink and I place it on the counter.  I then begin to make some water boil so that it will be hot enough to get the flavor out of the tea bag.  I put a pan on the boiler and put a lot of water in it to get it to boil.  When it is finished boiling, I pour a glass full of the water into a mug or cup for me to drink.  I then place the tea bag into the cup with the boiling water.  After a few minutes, I use the string on the bag to pull the tea bag out of the water.  It is then ready for me to drink at that point. Yesterday, I washed my sheets in the laundry, and when I had dried them out, I put them in my laundry basket and took them to my room.  I unhooked the sheets currently on my bed in one corner, and shimmied around to the side of the bed by the wall.  I then squeezed between the wall and the bed to unhook those sides of the sheets.  After unhooking every corner, I took the sheets and threw them in my dirty laundry basket.  Following this, I found a large open space and shook out the clean sheets to find out which side is long and short.  I then stretched the sheet from one corner to the opposite corner, and got the other sides tucked in.  Finally, I took the other bed sheet and tucked it in at the bottom of the bed, before stretching it to the pillow on the other end. I'm used to having a dishwasher. I'm sure most people are. But I recently moved into an apartment where the only dishwasher is my own two hands. I wash the dishes nightly usually because even though I'm single, I go through a lot of dishes. I don't like to fill the sink with water. Rather I just let the water run the whole time. I soap up a sponge and scrub each dish. I try to get the big messy things out of the way first. after I've scrubbed and rinsed a dish I place it on a dish towel on the counter to dry. I do the silverware last. Once everything is laid out I go ahead and take another dish towel and dry them off the rest of the way. Then I put everything back in its proper spot in the cabinets. I save the silverware for last because it's the most tedious thing to put away. After we ate dinner, the table was a mess. I started by cleaning off the plates of food. I had to scrape all the left over food into the garbage. I rinsed the plates and put them in the dish washer. When I had the plates in the dish washer,  I went back to the table to get the rest of the dishes and silverware. I rinsed and emptied all of them, and put them in the dish washer with the plated. I used a dish towel to wipe off all the spilled food and sauces from the table. I took all the condiments and put them back where they went. I put the bread and butter back where they go, the bread in the cupboard and the butter in the fridge. I put an left overs from the serving plated in the fridge. I rinsed the serving plates and put them in the dishwasher to. I wanted to read a new novel , but rather than buying it , I decided to borrow it from the library . When I arrived at the library , I was greeted by the friendly librarian who asked if I needed any help . I told her which book I was looking for and she quickly helped me find it . After she helped me find the book , I walked to the checkout counter with the book . I handed the librarian my library card , which she scanned with a scanner . She opened the book to find the bar code in the back cover and proceeded to scan it . The computer printed a receipt which told me that I had two weeks to return the book . I placed the receipt inside the front cover of the book and thanked the librarian for helping me find the book I was looking for .  I like to walk my dog in the morning before it gets too hot out. On a regular morning I will drink my coffee and feed the dog.  The dog always knows when it is morning that I will be feeding him and then we will be going for a walk after so he gets very excited and begins running around in circles.  While he is eating I will put my shoes on and brush my teeth.  After we are both done with our morning routine, I grab the dog's leash and put it on the dog.  His tail wags very fast because he loves going for a walk.  The dog and I start off slow in order to warm our muscles up.  We walk by Mr. Johnson's house with all the flowers and straight down the street to the corner where there is a small empty lot.  I let the dog off the leash briefly so he can run around the lot sniffing at everything. He loves to sniff all the plants and rabbit holes.  Then we come home. The dog loves his daily walk. After we wash and dry our laundry, we always fold our clothes together as a family. We begin by bringing the clothes from the laundry room to the living room and sorting them by family member. Each family member takes their clothes and begins folding them. We try to do this as soon as we hear the dryer finish as this helps to prevent wrinkling. Everyone has their own system for folding clothes, but what is most important is to fold them neatly so that they can be stored in drawers or closets and easily found later when you want to wear them again. It's also important to take care and fold clothes neatly because this helps prevent wrinkles. As we fold our clothes, we stack them in stacks of similar items. For example, we place shorts in one stack and shirts in another stack. Folding clothes can also involve matching socks and stacking them. If you separate the types of clothes as you fold, this makes it easier when it is time to put the clothes away. I was walking down the street one evening and I saw something suspicious. Two teenage youths were looking through the windows of the local library. The library was obviously closed and nobody was inside and no lights were on. Without looking to see if anyone was watching the two teenagers broke the door to the library and entered. I was upset by this and I called 911 to report a crime in progress. The operator from 911 took my information and asked me to describe what I was seeing. After about ten minutes two county police officers showed up in separate cars and one officer went to each door of the library. They entered the library and caught the teenagers who had broken into the library. The officers called the parents of the teenagers and then arrested them for their crime. After a little while one of the officers came over to talk to me and then let me leave. While I was driving, I noticed fuel gauge was low.  I was worried about running out, so I pulled into the next gas station I saw. I drove around until I found an empty pump, and pulled into it. I got out and considered whether I should use cash or my card. I decided to use my card this time, so I pulled my wallet from my pocket, and my card from it, and swiped it at the pump. I placed my card back into my wallet and my wallet back into my pocket when I was done. I opened the hatch to my fuel land put the nozzle in. I squeezed the handle on the nozzle and the gas flowed through. I watched the gallons tick by on the screen until I had enough to fill the tank. This took a little bit of time. When it was done, I pulled the nozzle out and closed the little door. I got back into my car and turned the key. The engine revved, and as the display lit up, I was pleased to see that my fuel tank was now full. I drove away from the gas station feeling satisfied. One day I had to go on a business trip to New York, I could not carry a luggage bag as it was a business trip. I had to carry a suitcase as all business men do. The challenge was to pack all the necessary things in a single suitcase. Then I started to plan accordingly. I made a list of necessary things to pack for the trip. I started with the important documents and paperwork required for the business purpose, and then the essentials such as clothes, toothbrush, a comb etc. I took as minimum number of clothes as possible. I put all the paperwork in a sealable file. First I put the clothes into the suitcase, followed by the paperwork and placed things like pen, toothbrush etc inside the small pockets provided in the suitcase and also the travel tickets. Packing clothes was the main challenge as it took more space. I rolled some clothes and folded some so that they take as less space as possible. At the end I put some folded clothes as they secured the fragile items beneath them. Finally I closed the suitcase and began with the trip. Last night , I decided to take a bath . I usually take a shower instead , but my muscles felt sore and I thought I could use a bath with some epsom salt . The epsom salt bath is really good at soothing sore muscles , plus it is very relaxing . I ran a very hot bath and poured some epsom salt in so it could dissolve . While the bath was running , I grabbed a towel and a book I was reading . I set it all up next to the tub and undressed . I slid into the hot water and felt the salt granules prickling my skin , as my muscles finally relaxed . After some time , the water cooled , so I added some more hot water . I stayed in the bathtub for about 45 minutes , until my muscles felt better . When I was finally done , I drained the cooled water , toweled off , and got dressed . Last night was movie night, so I had some friends over to watch one. When everyone arrived and sat down I went to the shelf near the TV to get the DVD. I took the DVD out of it's case and put it into the DVD player on top of the TV. Next, I turned on both the TV and DVD player, then grabbed the remote control sitting nearby. I took a detour into the kitchen to grab a bag of popcorn so we could eat it during the movie. Then, I sat down on the couch near my friends and press the "play" button on the remote control. I used the remote to skip past the title at the beginning of the movie and everyone settled into to enjoy it. When it was over I took the DVD out of the DVD player and put it back in its case, then turned off the power to the DVD player the TV. I thanked my friends for a good time and everyone went home to go to bed. It was date night so I picked my favorite place to go. After I picked the place we were going I went to my closet and got out the best outfit I had so I could wear it out. I took a shower to make sure I looked clean and smelt good. When I got out the shower and got dressed I put on deodorant and perfume. After I was dressed and ready for my date to arrive. He came with flowers and opened the car door for me when we got to the car. I had chosen my favorite restaurant, when we arrived I told the hostess we had a reservation in a quiet booth so we could talk without being interrupted. We placed our order and started to get to know each other while we waited for the food to arrive. After we finished our meal, he drove me home and walked me to my door. Yesterday I decide to make a hot dog for lunch. I placed a pot of water on the stove to boil. While I waited for the water to boil I gathered all the toppings I wanted for my  hot dog. I opened the pantry and took out a bag of hot dog buns. I opened the refrigerator and took out Ketchup and mustard and a small onion. Very carefully I sliced the onion into small pieces. Once the water in the pot began to boil, I placed two hot dogs in the water to cook. This didn't take very long, only a few minutes. When the hot dogs were ready, I opened a bun a placed a hot dog inside. I squeezed a squiggly line of mustard all the way down the hot dog and did the same with the ketchup. I sprinkled onions across the top of the hot dog. Finally! My hot dog was ready to eat. As I got out of the shower and looked in the mirror today I realized that my hair was getting quite shaggy and long . I think that it was time for a brand new hair cut ! I went down to the barber shop and just as I should of known , coming in on a Saturday was not one of my most brightest ideas in hindsight . There was quite a crowd , but I figured I was already here so I might as well just wait . I went over and put my name down under my barber , Bill , who has been cutting my hair for the past 10 years . As I waited I grabbed a Sports Illustrated and sat down and began to read how the Pirates were doing in the World Series . After about 20 minutes or so Bill called my name up and asked me what kind of hair cut I wanted . I told him to stick with the usual and he put the big barber apron around me and began to cut my hair while we talked about life and caught up on what has been going on since the last time I saw him , which was about a month ago . Afterwards my haircut was done and I looked great ! We went up to the register and I paid him and gave him a good tip , then was on my way .  When preparing to cook vegetables, I like to first find only the freshest vegetables to prepare. The last time I cooked a meal, I went to the kitchen and slowly got out everything I need first and then began to cut the vegetables on the cutting board. The process was slow, but relaxing. I went from vegetable to vegetable, moving slowly. Everything was evenly cut and when baked, was delicious. When I chopped up the onions, I felt my eyes start to water, but as I cut everything, I felt that my meal was getting better and better. After cutting everything and making my meal, I cleaned the cutting board and started to throw away and scraps. It felt amazing to cook a meal from scratch and use freshly cut vegetables. I enjoyed this experience and had a great time doing it. This was my best way to cut vegetables. I got in my car. Drove to the mall. Walked into the department store. I shopped around looking at the makeup counter first. I asked the lady at the counter to give me a new look. She did my makeup. She offered me some of the products that she used. I purchased two of the products she suggested, a blush and a foundation. I paid the lady. Next I went to the clothes section and picked out a few dressed to try on. I went into the dressing room and tried on the three dressed I had picked out. There was one that I liked but it was too big. I went and got the right size and tried it on. I put it back on the hanger and walked to the check out counter. I purchased the dress and was handed the bag and my receipt. I walked out of the store, got in my car and drove home. I remembered the first long train trip i had , it was incredible . I was talking to my family about going on a trip to Virginia and they decided it was about time we booked the trip . My dad called Amtrak -LRB- train company -RRB- and ordered 5 tickets for the next weekend . When the weekend came we got onto the train . This train was different , it was a double-decker or a train with two floors . We got to our seats and to the side was huge windows that went from the back of the train car to the front . I could n't believe how incredible all the trees and birds looked . Then we got to the observation car . I did n't even think this type of car existed . The train car was all class except for the floor and the lower parts of the wall , above was all glass . Then we rode in the observation and watched as the rain fell down . It was an unbelievable event and I would highly recommend it .  The other day I noticed that I was low on gas and had to fuel up my car. I pulled into the gas station with the pump on my driver's side since that's where my tank fills and turned off the car. The gas station I went to uses points that I earned at the grocery store so I entered my loyalty number and had 27 cents off a gallon which was great! I swiped my debit card to pay and I popped the fuel door with a level inside my door and unscrewed the gas cap. I chose the type of gas I use (87) and put the nozzle in my tank. I squeezed the handle and let the gas fill the tank until it automatically stopped because it was full. I carefully removed the nozzle from the fuel tank, replaced it on the pump and screwed the gas cap back on tightly and closed the fuel door. When I started my car to reset the trip meter and made note so I could see how many miles my car got per gallon since the last fill. After doing my laundry, I prefer to have it not be wrinkled. As a result, I prefer to do my ironing daily so that I do not have to worry about wrinkled clothes. In order to iron my clothes, I always take them out of the wash and place them in a basket. After placing them in the basket, I pick out the articles of clothing that I want to iron and take out the drying board and put it in the back room in the basement. After unfolding it, I first place a shirt on the board and slowly iron it, moving from the top to bottom. I always do this in a slow pace and make sure every wrinkle is out before I move on. This process is always slow, but I eventually get everything unwrinkled. After ironing, I put everything onto a hanger and put it in my room. Last winter when it was really cold I made a lot of soup because it's great to eat when it's cold outside. It's also pretty cheap and makes a huge amount so it's great between paydays. My favorite is minestrone. I use my cast iron dutch oven which is perfect to make soup. I start with vegetable stock and crushed tomatoes and put in onions, carrots, celery and potatoes with some herbs; generally oregano and a bay leaf. I let them simmer on medium since they all take awhile. When the vegetables that I've been cooking are soft I like to add zucchini and green beans which don't take long to cook at all and I add a can or two of drained white beans. Some people put pasta in their minestrone but I don't. I let it simmer for another 15-20 minutes and stir in a bag of spinach right when I turn the heat off. It is so good to serve with a little parmesan cheese and I add salt & pepper. One of my favorite things to make for breakfast is scrambled eggs. That is what I made myself for breakfast this morning. First I went into the refrigerator and took out three eggs from the carton. I got a large mixing bowl from the cupboard and cracked the eggs into the bowl, being careful not to get any of the shell into the bowl. I added some of my favorite things to put in scrambled eggs: some cheddar cheese, bacon, and a little salt and pepper. I put a pan onto the stove, heated it up to medium, and added a little butter. When the pan was hot, I poured the egg mixture into the pan. Using a whisk, I stirred the eggs, until they were no longer runny, and were lumpy. I put them on a plate and added some hot sauce, since I like them to be extra spicy. I ate them, read the news, and drank a big glass of orange juice to go with it. One of the tasks I do every day is make my bed. This morning, like every morning, my cat Shadow and I played a game as we made the bed. I washed the sheets and pillowcases this morning, so I had to take everything completely off the bed and wash it. When the sheets and pillowcases were dry, I started to make the bed. I first put on the fitted sheet, starting in one corner and tucking it under the mattress, then I did the same to each side, stretching the sheets and leaving it without wrinkles. By this time Shadow was aware of what was going on. I began to put the bed sheet on the bed, and Shadow jumped up to hide underneath. As I tucked the sheet under the end of the bed, we played hide and seek, with Shadow trying to playfully attack my hand. After she got bored with that, I put the comforter back on the bed, and flattened it out so it was smooth. I then put the pillowcases back on my pillows and assembled them neatly on the bed. When I have some free time, I start selecting clothes from my pile of clean laundry. Which shirts need ironed? Are there pants that are super wrinkly? I take those out of the clean pile and set them aside to iron. I will select one article of clothing to iron first. I set up my ironing board, and plug in the iron. I always make sure the settings are how I need them, and I place the iron upright so that it does not burn the board. It's so important to be careful with the iron. I wait a minute or so, and then lay my first shirt or pants on the ironing board. I will take the iron and smooth out the shirt carefully, but deliberately. I am always careful to not leave the iron on too long so it does not burn. Some steam is OK. After the wrinkles are out, next shirt! It really takes patience when it comes to feeding a infant. It was time for me to feed my baby. She was crying because she was hungry. I grabbed car seat, and put my baby in it. It is much easier to feed baby in car seat, because you can rock it at same time to sooth them too. I put the bib around her neck, and i made sure it is big enough, because it always make mass, I grabbed baby food which I purchased from grocery store. It was peach and banana. I opened the bottle, and with baby spoon I started to put food in baby's mouth. She smiled, I was happy that she liked it, because first time i introduced her this flavor. I opened another bottle, that is zucchini and peas. Alternatively I gave that too, just to give more change of taste. I kept sippy cup for water. I gave her water time to time. She calmed down very quickly and finished her food, This morning I decided to take a nice , long bath rather than rushing through the shower . I walked in and put a stopper in the bathtub drain , turning on a mix of hot and cold water and checking the temperature after a couple of seconds to make sure it was just right - I like my water a little bit hot , but not too hot ! After sitting and waiting for several minutes for the bathtub to fill , I turned it off and got in . After relaxing for a few minutes , I grabbed the body wash and rag I keep on the corner of the bathtub . I lathered it up and washed my arms , my legs , my back , and my front , letting the water in the tub rinse off any soap when I was done with a part . After that , I pulled the stopper and drained the tub , used the towel hanging in the bathroom to dry myself off , and put on a fresh , clean pair of clothes .  We had a few friends over for dinner last night and had to set the table before putting out our food. First, we wiped down the table so that it was clean and crumb free. Next, we put out plates for each person that would be coming. We also put out napkins for our guests to wipe their mouths with. We laid our silverware on top of the napkins. This consisted of forks, salad forks, spoons, and butter knives. We put glasses with ice above each plate. Next, we laid out all of the dishes that we would be serving for the dinner. This included large bowls of spaghetti with meatballs, garlic bread, steamed broccoli, and a garden salad. We set out dressings for the salad as well. Lastly, we put out a large angel food cake, which we cut into eighths so that it would be easier to serve. The finishing touch was a vase of decorative fresh flowers in the middle of the table. A month ago I had a cold and went to the doctor. I called the doctor's office to make an appointment. They lady on the phone sounded nice and asked me how I felt. She said the doctor could see me this morning. I rushed to get to the doctor's office in time for my appointment. I checked in at the receptionist's desk. They wanted me to pay for the doctor visit before seeing the doctor, so I did. Since I made an appointment I did not have to wait long to see the doctor. But I did have to wait a little while in the examination room. The nurse took my blood pressure an temperature. I had a fever of 101 degrees. The doctor came in an examined me and wrote me a prescription. The doctor said I would get well quick and I did. The doctor was nice. It was pouring outside, and I needed to get across the city fast for a job interview. I knew that hailing a cab would be much more difficult than normal due to the rain. I stood on the curb waving my arm from under my umbrella for what seemed like an eternity. In all actuality, it was probably only two minutes, but the cold, wet air seemed to slow time down immensely. Finally, a cab stopped to pick me up. I quickly got in and made sure to shake my umbrella out before lowering it into the car so that I did not get the floor wet. The cab driver asked where I wanted to go, and I informed him that I had a job interview in twenty minutes sixteen blocks over. He said, "That's going to be a tight squeeze on time, but I'll try." As I glanced fanatically down at my match, he weaved in and out of traffic to get me to my destination. Somehow, we made it in time. When people get together, like a family it's fun to get a nice photograph of everyone.  For example at Beth's birthday party all the friends were there so we wanted to get a photo.  We looked around and found that the lawn with the trees in back would make a good location.  I went around and gathered up all the kids who where playing around and brought them to the lawn. It was good that the sun was covering the lawn so everyone's face would be shown well.  I lined up the kids, but some where too tall and blocking the kids in back.  I found the taller kids and lined then up and then grabbed the smaller ones to stand in front.  Two rows, one tall in back and on small in front worked out pretty well.  With everyone in place, I stepped back and got the camera setup on the tripod.  A tripod helps keep the camera steady.  Everybody!  Smile! Look at me!  Snap and a very nice photograph. On last Sunday morning my wife woke me up and told me its 11 o'clock and time to to get up . But I was very lazy on that day and I want to spend some more time on bed . I asked my wife to get me some coffee . She brought a very tasty hot coffee . Its aroma is spreading everywhere in my room . After having the coffee I got up and took a good shower . That time my wife prepared breakfast for me . So I had my breakfast and spent some time for reading news online . Then My wife came to me and asked what is my plan for our son 's birthday . I told her , '' `` oh ! I forgot . we have to plan something . That is on next Saturday '' '' . At last I reached a conclusion that this time I cook food by myself . So we need to make a list for groceries for that . My wife helped me to prepare a list . These days groceries are very pricey . So I checked the deals online . At last I found good deals in a grocery shop near my house . So me and my son went to the shop . My son likes grocery shopping very much . When we reached the grocery shop , I asked my son to sit in the cart . While we were moving inside the shop , I felt happy by seeing the deals of the day . Most of the groceries in my list are on sale . I bought almost everything in my list . I saved a lot on that day because of the deal . After paying the bill , we went out of the shop and kept everything inside the car and left to home .  I recently went on a vacation to Thailand for my birthday. A big part of preparing for the trip involved me packing a suitcase. I chose a medium sized suitcase, since I didn't think I would need to bring that many items. I began by packing the clothes I wanted to bring. I find that the most efficient way to pack a suitcase is to roll the clothes, instead of fold. I packed shirts, shorts, pants, a couple of dresses, and two bathing suits. After all of this clothing was packed, I picked out which shoes I wanted to bring with me. Another good packing trick is to stuff your shoes with socks and underwear. Once I finished this, I packed a bag filled with toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, face wash, body wash, toothbrush, and toothpaste. Everything fit in my suitcase perfectly, with a little room to spare for souvenirs. I'm ready for my vacation! For a while now, I've been trying to eat healthy. This means that I have to eat as little junk food, like chips and candy, as possible. Instead, I have to eat a good enough amount of fruits and vegetables. Because of this, I include vegetables with every meal I eat. The most basic meal I eat with vegetables in it is a salad. I like to make my own instead of buying it already made, and this is more or less easy. I like to take whatever vegetables I want in my salad and put them on a cutting board. I usually like to use lettuce, cabbage, carrots, and tomatoes. After picking the amount of each vegetable I want to use, I use a large knife to cut each one into small pieces. I put all of these chopped vegetables into a bowl and mix them around. Then, I add any dressings I want, and I enjoy my salad. When I first got my license to drive, I needed to fill up my car with some gasoline.  I drove to a gas station and I parked my car.  Inside my car, I pulled a lever that opened up my gas tank to put gas in it.  I got out of the car and opened up the gas tank the rest of the way with my hand.  When I was done with that, I got out my card to pay for the gas.  After I swiped it, the machine told me to pick what gas I wanted.  I picked the one that my car needed and I picked up a handle that would spit out gasoline.  I put it into the gas tank and pulled a lever to get the gasoline to come out.  After the gasoline was in the car, I closed the gas tank up and drove away. One day in New York City, the subways were roaring under the ground. And Jane need to take the subway to work and back. at 7am Jane walks from her apartment to the subway station. She gets onto the platform and  steps into a very crowded train. and there are no seats on the train so she grabbed the pole. when the train stopped she walked to the Daily planet where she worked as a news reporter. When she waled in the door she was greeted by all of her coworkers. as soon as she walked into the editors office he already had a news story for Jane. She got right on it and got it all ready to go on air and be viewed by a million people. She got don't for the day and she clocked out. she got back on the subway and she saw a seat open so she sat in it and waited quietly for the train to stop and she got off the train and walked back home. Every Saturday I do a chore I actually really enjoy - grocery shopping ! This past Saturday was no exception , so I began to plan my outing . I always begin by surveying my refrigerator and cabinets . What food do I already have and what do I need ? There are certain basic things I get almost every week . At this point I begin to make a written list to bring with . This week I also had a birthday party to shop for so extras like cake mix and a can of frosting went on my list . Once the list was done I headed to the store . It 's a short drive , and once there I grabbed a cart and begin to head down the aisles . Produce then canned goods then meats . After that on to dairy and dried goods , and even cleaning products . Finally it was off to the frozen aisles , I needed to get ice cream for the party ! With a full cart I went to the cash register , loaded all the food on the convener belt , and then paid for the groceries as a boy bagged everything . Another Saturday 's chore was done !  One of my friends booked herself a trip to Punta Cana and said she got a great deal so I looked at my finances and decided that I had enough money that I could join her on her trip. She booked through Cheap Caribbean so we were going to just add me to her room and then book my own flight. When she called Cheap Caribbean they told her that it would actually be cheaper for me to book my own room and us each to have our own instead of share a room. I thought about calling to book my flight but thought that it would be easier to book it online. I found a great priced flight and confirmed that it was the same times and flight number as my friend. I chose to book the flight and provided my credit card number on the website, I was given both a confirmation number and received an e-mail confirmation. After I left work I realized remembered that I needed to buy a friend a gift for his upcoming birthday. I went straight to the nearest shopping center to find something suitable for him. I parked my car in the large parking lot and made a mental note of where it was. I entered into the shopping center and began to wander around. I found a sporting goods store and went in because my friend was an avid sportsman. In the store there was a display of football jerseys. I found one that was of my friend's favorite team. I took the item to the counter and paid the clerk for the purchase. He put my jersey in a box and then bagged it up. He handed me the receipt and told me to enjoy my day. I said the same back to him, and then made my way back to my car to drive home. This week my mom assigned us all chores to do around the house. My chore was to clean the kitchen after dinner. After we all finished eating and everyone had left the table I started to clear it. Starting with the plates. I carefully stacked the plates neatly in one stack. Then carefully placed this in the sink. Then I placed each glass on top of the next. And once they were all stacked I used the top cup to gather he spoons and knifes and forks in. Then careful not to spill or drop anything I placed them in the sink. Finally I was able to wipe down and clean off the table top, making sure nothing was sticky or wet. I then decided I would place a small glass vase in the center of the now cleared kitchen table, with a few wildflowers from our own backyard garden. I love to go work out at the gym . I tend to lift for a long time until I 'm spent of any excess energy . After that I 'll get on the arc trainer and start sweating a great deal . I say this to illustrate the point that after this work out I am in great need of a bath . I come home and welcome my ritual of taking a bath . I get my phone out and find my favorite Pandora station that matches my current mood . I then get the water rolling at a hot temperature . I get undressed and in the tub . I like to sit there for a while and reflect while I relax . After a few minutes I 'll lather my hair and clean it out . I might drain the tub and put in more water . Lastly I 'll soap off the nastiness of the gym .  Fresh orange juice is a really delicious, and also nutritious drink, perfect for a warm, sunny day. I usually start by picking maybe about a dozen of nice oranges when I go grocery shopping. After I get home, I clean the oranges with a damp cloth and cut them in half. Different people do this differently, but I usually use the manual orange juicer. It requires more work but in the end i think the effort is worth it. So using the manual juicer, I just press each half of the oranges gently and twist it so all the juices come out into the container underneath. If the orange is sweet enough I don't bother add any sugar, but sometimes if I want just a tad of sweetness, I just add honey instead. It's really nice, sweet and has a unique flavor. It's hard to be patient, but definitely the orange juice tastes better cold, so I put it into a jug, or bottle, or any container I can find and put it in the fridge for a few hours. If I really feel thirsty I just add a couple cubes of ice and drink right away. I sorted my laundry at home before going to the laundromat so it would be quicker when I got there. I dumped a cupful of scent booster into the washing machine and threw in two laundry detergent pods. I added my dark laundry to one machine and repeated the process in another machine where I put my light colored laundry. I put fabric softener in the drawer for detergent, bleach and softener and put in enough quarters for the machine to run. I chose to wash both dark and light in warm water. When the washing machines were finished, I pulled my laundry out into a cart and rolled the cart to the wall where the dryers are. I shook each piece and sat a few pieces aside that I was going to hang up to dry. After adding the clothing to the dryer, I put several dryer sheets in. I chose to dry at high heat and put in enough quarters for thirty minutes. When my clothes were dry I put them into baskets to take home. When I got home I folded and put away all the dry clothes and hung up wet clothes on a dryer to air dry. Over the weekend, my friends and I wanted to get together to watch a movie, but we didn't want to go to the theaters. I gave them the idea that I would rent a movie so we could watch at my place, and they agreed. They left it up to me to pick the movie. As soon as I could, I went to my nearest RedBox. RedBox is a chain of kiosks where people can rent things like movies and video games, and they're usually located in or around certain stores. After looking through the available movies, I chose one that I felt my friends and I would like. I paid with my debit card, took the movie, and left. My friends and I watched the movie at my house and we really liked it. The day after this, I went back to my nearest RedBox and returned the movie. This afternoon I had gone into the garden and picked some vegetables.  I picked a few tomatoes, a cucumber, an onion and some lettuce.  I decided I would like to make a salad for my lunch for my friend and I.  I went into the kitchen with my vegetables and washed them in the sink.  Then, I picked out a knife.  I quickly sharpened it so I could chop up my vegetables without any trouble.  I decided to cut the lettuce up first.  I chopped it up into bite sized pieces and put it into a glass bowl.  Then, I quartered the tomatoes.  After I cut the tomatoes, I sliced the cucumbers after I peeled them. Lastly, I diced the onion. The onion made my eyes water!  I was very careful to make sure I didn't cut myself when I was chopping the vegetables, and when I was all done, I tossed the vegetables together to make a tasty lunch. "Mom, I want to earn an allowance.  What chore can I do?" said Isaac.  "Well, I will give you fifty cents to unload the dishwasher for me." replied Mom.  "But, I don't know how?" Isaac said.  "Come here, and let me show you what to do, Son."  First mom opened the dishwasher, and pulled out the top shelf.  "The cups go on the top rack, and they are easy to put up.  You just need to grab a kitchen chair so you can reach the top cabinets.  Remove each cup one by one, and place them in the cabinet.  Then when you are done put the small bowls in the cabinet next to them."  "Okay, Mom I think I got it."  Isaac quickly finished the top row of cups and bowls and was ready for his next task. "After that," Mom continued, "pull out the bottom drawer which is where I keep the plates and larger casserole dishes.  The plates can be stacked on on top of the other in the top cabinet near the stove, and the casserole dishes go on the bottom shelf."   Isaac was getting good at this.  He finished the next row of plates and dishes even faster.  " Now, for the last thing, you'll need to put up the silverware.  Open the drawer and divide the forks, spoons, and knives in to separate compartments" Isaac gathered all of the utensils and put them in their place.  The dishwasher was empty, and Isaac got his fifty cents. I decided to treat myself to a nice dinner at a restaurant. I took myself to a good Italian food place and sat down at a table with a menu. The waiter came and took my order for my food and drink. After a while, the waiter came back with my food and drink and set them down on the table. The waiter then left and I took a good look at my food. This dish I ordered was not the same that I asked for. I was allergic to something in the food they brought, but I asked them to take it out when I ordered so I would not get sick. I waved at the waiter to ask him to come back to my table. I told him politely that the food I was brought was not what I had ordered, and asked to have it remade so that it would not make me sick. The waiter said he was sorry, and asked the chef to make my dish again without the food I was allergic to. Since the restaurant made a mistake, I did not have to pay for the remade dish. After working out at the gym I like to enjoy the sauna they have there.  Its in the locker room.  I will take off my gym clothes and wrap one of the towels they have there around my waist, and use the flip flops I keep in my gym locker.  The sauna has a glass door that you can't see through because of all the steam.  I open the door and I can immediately the heat.  The walls, ceiling, and floor are wood and there is a metal heater in the center with very hot coals in it.  Built against each wall are two rows of wooden benches.  They wrap around the room so there is plenty of room to sit or lay down.  A few of my friends are there and they wave to me as I come in and sit down near them.  Every one is relaxing quietly in the heat and I am already red and sweating a lot. I sit in there as long as I can stand it, before I leave and jump up and rush out and into the cold water pool they have next to it.  Its feels so refreshing but I get out before I start getting cold.  My skin is red and tingly and I feel great so I head back into the sauna to do it again.  I will usually do this a few times before I finally have to go get dressed and head home. I flew to Iceland one year on vacation . I left JFK airport in New York and flew to Keflavik in Iceland . JFK is an enormous airport . I parked in long term parking and then took a shuttle to actual terminals . I felt so nervous that I would n't make my flight ! I was so afraid beforehand of getting my bag lost that I just packed everything I needed into a small carry on bag . I checked in and then went to security . Security moved along quickly and I was waiting at my gate to catch my flight . JFK airport is pretty gross ! While I was waiting , I had a beer at a restaurant . A roach fell on my husband who was with me ! We quietly called our server over and she stepped on it and told us it happens all the time ! We were so disgusted . It actually made us want to get on the plane even quicker and get out of there . Finally , we boarded the plane and were seated next to some nice people from Oregon . We chatted a bit with them and I watched an in-flight movie of Jane Eyre . Finally we got to Iceland . I loved flying !  When I went to the store the other day, there was a man on the road with bags of fruit.  When I was stopped at the light he yelled at my window.  He wanted to know if I wanted to buy oranges. I decided to buy a bag because they were a good price.  When I got home from work, I forgot the oranges in the car.  The next day I realized I had left them in the car for some time, and the sun had been on the car.  I also realized that the oranges were still in the car.  I went out to get the oranges from the car.  The oranges were very warm and seemed to have ripened.  I decided to make juice out of them, and freeze any I did not use.  I took out my blender.  I peeled the oranges in batches and placed them in the blender.  I blended the oranges with the pulp and all. I was riding my bike around my house and noticed I had to peddle harder than I usually do . I got off my bike to see if everything was wrong . The front tire looked okay , the chain was still on the bike , but the back tire was flat unfortunately . I walked my bike back to my house because it is not safe to ride a bike with a flat tire . I went in my garage and looked for the air pump . I connected the valve of the pump to the valve on the tire . I pumped the air pump and kept checking the tire to make sure it was working . It was hard work and it took longer than I thought . Eventually , the tire seemed full with air . I put my ear next to it to see if I could hear any air coming out but I did n't hear any . I got back on my bike and it rode fine .  My best friend had just got a promotion.  We decided it was a good reason to celebrate.  She decided that we should go out for dinner and to go dancing.  We got dressed and dolled up early in the evening.  She and I joined a few of our friends at one of our favorite local restaurants.  We ate and had a few drinks and had a great time.  Later, we called a cab.  We waited outside the restaurant for the cab to arrive.  We jumped in and let the cab bring us to the local club.  We walked in after we were carded and we got in through the door.  We found a table in the corner and sat down.  We each had a couple drinks and then got onto the dance floor.  We spent the rest of the night dancing.  We all had such a great time dancing that night. For my 19th birthday, my parents wanted to throw me a party, feeling bad that they hadn't done much for my birthdays in the years past. Coincidentally, a younger cousin was having his birthday just one day after mine, and since it was on a Friday, my family thought it would be the perfect day to throw a party. We knew who would be going to the party, since it was a pretty small, family-only party. Our aunt came to my house with a lot of food, including a cake for my cousin and I and some hot dogs and burgers to throw on the grill. My younger cousin, brother, and several other cousin hung out outside while my brother manned the grill. The younger kids spent time inside the house watching movies and playing video games, and the adults were all chatting at the table. Overall, it was a very fun night. He got out his favorite pan for the task - a shiny metal pan with a long, black handle. He set it on the stove, then carefully measured out the correct amount of milk, pouring it from the measuring cup into the pan. He turned the burner to medium, then waited. Waiting was the hardest part. He smelled the sickly smell of warming milk as the contents became hotter and hotter. He stirred it with a wooden spoon, occasionally - just for something to do. He knew it wasn't strictly necessary. He listened to the milk; he could hear it sort of sizzling along the sides of the pan. He knew from experience that he wouldn't have long to wait now. Soon, he a the milk at a full boil - the smell was very strong now - and he poured it into the mug. Instant hot cocoa was best when you used hot milk. I was skimming my Nook for something good to read and found that I had either read everything or that I was not interested in what I had not read . So I decided to go to the local library and get one of the old fashioned paper books that I had not read . I went and looked around the shelves and talked to the librarian and other customers about what was good to read . After picking up a few and reading the summary I finally found one of interest and took it to the checkout line . While checking out the book the librarian noticed the handgun on my hip and we had a great conversation about the importance of being ready , willing , and able to protect yourself in any situation and in any locality . She said she was grateful to live in a Nation where we had that right and I heartily agreed with her .  It was early in the morning when I reached into my pantry to grab the box of Lipton tea bags. I grabbed a large pot from underneath my stove and filled it with water. Then, I placed the pot of water on the stove and turned the heat to the highest setting. While waiting for the water to boil, I got out a few tea bags that I would use in the water to make my gallon of tea. I also got out a pitcher and placed a few ice cubes at the bottom. Once the water was boiling, I placed the tea bags in the water and turned off the stove. The teabags soaked in the water for about ten minutes. Then I removed the teabags, threw them in the trash, and poured the water into the pitcher. I put a lid on the pitcher and placed it in the refrigerator so that it would be cold later that day. I made salmon the other night to eat with a cesar salad. I bought a pound of fresh, wild, Alaskan sockeye salmon at the fish counter at the grocery store and asked for them to remove the skin for me. I squeezed several lemons into a shallow bowl and put the salmon in the lemon juice, I let it soak for five minutes then flipped it and let it soak for another five minutes. In the meantime I had preheated the oven to broil. I sprayed an iron skillet with cooking spray and sat the salmon in the skillet. I put the salmon in the oven for five minutes, removed it and flipped it and put it back in the oven for another five minutes. When I pulled the salmon out it looked done so I squeezed the juice of another lemon on it and put it onto a plate. I let the salmon sit for a few minutes to cool down and then cut it up into bite size pieces which I sprinkled on top of romaine lettuce and parmesan cheese. I ate the salmon cesar salad with bottled cesar dressing. The salmon was perfectly cooked. Since yesterday was Sunday, we did our usual on going out for dinner. About once a month we go to our favorite Chinese Buffet restaurant named LINGS. We finally were getting rain that we need badly, but it wasn't too hard. I drove, and it took us about 15 minutes to get there. We walked in and were greeted by the hostess. I guess because of the weather the place was not too busy. We got a booth by the window which is what we always prefer.  My husband got his usual starer plate. A big heap of crab legs. I head to the Hibachi bar, because I have to keep an eye on how much sodium I eat. They have a fantastic variety of fresh meats, seafood, and vegetables. I choose all my favorites and then hand the plate to the chef, Tom.  He stir fries my food, hands me my plate, and off I go with tasty hot food.  I stopped at one of the other bars and got some white rice to go with it.  I then joined my husband.  We both enjoyed our meal very much as usual.  After his plate of crab legs was finished he then went to the other bars and got more typical style Chinese food.  When we were done the waitress brought our check, but by this time the rain really started coming down hard.  Everyone in the restaurant waited for it to let up before going outside.  We probably had to wait 15-20 minutes.  We played games on our cell phones while waiting.  Finally we left, and I drove us back home. Over the past year, we've had a number of family get-togethers at my house. More often than not, my dad was the one who did the cooking on his barbecue grill. Everyone seemed to really love his cooking, especially when it came off of that grill. He would usually prepare for one of these little barbecue parties a day in advance by making sure that he had charcoal and lighter fluid to get the grill started. Depending on what was being made, my dad would figure out just how much charcoal he would need to use, and would lay it out inside the grill. He'd then use paper from the bag of charcoal, light the paper up, and spray it with lighter fluid to ensure that the charcoal caught fire. Once he knew that the coals were hot enough, he would begin cooking. Whether it was burgers, hot dogs, ribs, chicken, or steak, my dad always knew how to grill it. Earlier today my friend and I went to the the movie theater. Before going, we looked at tickets online. There was a showing of "The Mummy" at 3pm. This was a perfect time for both of us so we booked the tickets. We arrived at the theater 30 minutes early so we wouldn't be rushed. First we went to the ticket booth to pick up our tickets. We then walked to the concession stand to buy some snacks to eat during the movie. I bought popcorn and coke, while my friend got nachos and a slushee. It was really expensive! After buying our snacks, we decided to go into the theater. Because we were still early, we had no problem finding a seat. Both of us like to sit right in the middle of the theater, because it has the best view. The previews started right on time and they were really exciting. The movie itself was just okay, but I still enjoyed the day because of the company of my friend. Last time I fed the fish, I was at the river near my boat in New Jersey. As I sat on the back of my boat, I could see some fish jumping out of the water. I ripped up some pieces of bread and started to throw them into the river. As I saw more and more fishes jumping, I continued to throw more food into the water. I could see many fish jumping out of the water and eating the food. This was a fun experience and I went through a couple pieces of bread by giving them to the fishes. My sister saw me and first questioned what I was doing, but soon after, she was helping me feed the fishes as well. I could see more and more fish popping up, awaiting the bread. I did this for about ten minutes before stopping and it was fun. On work days the first thing I do when I wake up is take a shower.  Once the water has warmed up I like to stand under the water and enjoy the warmth of the water as it flows over me.  I follow the same routine each day and I start by working a nice lather of shampoo through my hair.  Once the shampoo is rinsed out I use a liberal amount of conditioner and really work it through my hair, using my fingers to work out any tangles my curly hair has gotten into.  While the conditioner sets I use my favorite tea tree soap and a louffa to get my body clean.  Some days I will shave after using the soap, and then I will brush my teeth before making sure I am all rinsed of the soap.  Now it is time to rinse the conditioner out of my hair and run a comb through it.  I usually give myself another minute or two to enjoy the warmth of the water before turning off the water and turn my focus to getting dressed and starting my day. I bought tickets with my best friends for a football game at our college in September. As soon as I bought the tickets, I realized that the game was far from where I lived and that I would need to buy a plane ticket since it was too far to drive my car. I opened up my computer and looked up the name of the airline I usually fly with. Once I got to the airline's website, I plugged in the departure date and the return date that I needed to be able to go to the game with my friends. I began looking through the available flight departure times and decided that it would make the most sense for me to fly out at 10:30 in the morning, so I would have enough time to get to the airport. I picked a return flight which landed at 6:30 in the evening so I would have time to get home. After I selected my flights, I went to the purchase page and entered in my credit card information. Once my card had been processed, my tickets were bought and my reservation was made! Have you ever had chocolate made from milk and cocoa instead of hot chocolate from a packet and hot water? It is so delicious. First you will need hot milk. The best way to heat your milk is to bring it to a boil on the stove top. Pour your milk into a pan and turn the burner on. The burner will cause the milk to heat up and it will start to bubble. Once you have rolling bubbles of milk you know your milk is boiling. Mix in your cocoa and sugar to the bailing mixture. Make sure that the sugar and cocoa dissolve well. Turn off your burner and let stand to cool before pouring into your cup or drinking it. This is a much tastier way of drinking hot chocolate. Please always ask an adult for help and never turn on or touch a stove without permission. On Saturday, I went to a funeral. I took a shower and combed my hair so that I would look nice. I picked out a nice black button up shirt and nice khaki pants. I picked out nice black socks with black shoes. I got dressed and made sure that I looked groomed and formal for the funeral. I got in my car and drove to the store to buy flowers and cards for the family members of the person that passed away. I filled out the cards then drove to the funeral. At the funeral, I listened to people speak about the special person that passed away and how special he was in there lives. Afterwards, I visited with people about the person that passed away and ate snacks. I hugged many of the people that were sad. I gave the flowers and cards to the family members and hugged them. When it was over, I drove home. Mary loves to make soup with her mom.  They often have soup for lunch, and Mary is allowed to help her with it.  Mary gets up on the stool in the kitchen, and helps pour the soup from the can her mom opened, into a big bowl. She stirs the soup and adds some water as well. She puts a whole cup of water in the soup, and stirs it again. Then, she adds salt and pepper to her soup, and puts her soup in a pan  on the oven to boil.  When the soup has reached a boiling point, her mom takes the soup off the oven, and pours it into a bowl.  Next to the bowl is a small plate with sandwiches her mom made, her favorite, turkey and cheese. The soup they usually make is tomato soup.  They sit down and eat the soup and sandwiches, and then clean up afterwards. I own a large, 50 gallon salt water tank in my home that I keep inside the living room, near the TV. Every morning and evening I have to feed my fish special food so they do not starve. I have 3 different brands of food that I feed to my fish. The first is to help them digest well, the second is for nutritional value and the third is to boost immunity so they don't become easily sick. I begin by opening the top of the fish tank and shaking some of the first brand of food into the tank. I watch as the fish swim hungrily around the tank and swallow the food. Then I shake in some of the second food and make sure the fish consume as much as they can. I repeat this process at the end of the day, but give them the third brand as well. My sister went to the library to borrow a book . She had a library card from the city library . She took her card with her . When she was inside the library , she sat in the front of the computer to check the catalog . She typed the name of the book that she was looking for . She got the number from the computer search results . She wrote down the number and looked through the books in the shelf . She found the book rather quickly . She made sure it was the one she was looking for . She then went to the front desk to check out the book . The staff in the library took her book and her library card . He scanned her card from the machine and printed out a note . It has the information of the book , when it was checked out and the date she needed to return to the library . The staff told her to return before the date to avoid any penalty .  I went grocery shopping today . I made a list of things that I needed before I left my house . When I got to the grocery store , I walked in the door and got a shopping cart . The next thing I did was look at my list to see which items I needed to find . My list said I needed to get bread , cheese and milk . First I went to the aisle of bread . There were at least twenty different kinds of bread . I picked out my favorite kind of bread , which is whole wheat , and put it in my shopping cart . Next I went to the dairy section of the store where I put a gallon of milk and a block of cheese into my cart . I then took my cart up to the front of the store where the cash registers where located . I put my items on one of the counters and a lady scanned each of them . She told me how much my groceries cost and I gave her the money to pay for them . A boy took my groceries from the counter and put them in a bag . He handed me the bag and thanked me for shopping with them today . Finally , I left and took my groceries home .  My first time at the new high end steak house downtown, maybe my expectations were set too high, even though this place was being compared to Ruth's Chris. The wait staff was very pleasant and well mannered and it was a quiet ambient setting. I decided to order steak ( I normally order fried chicken everywhere I go ) I wanted it medium rare and made that very clear to the waiter, I saw him jot it down when I said it. I waited about 40 minutes which seemed strangely long given there was only 2 other couples in the restaurant one of which already had their food. My steak comes out and it looks delicious, I thank the waiter and he leaves. I pick up my fork with my left hand and my knife with the other. I begin to cut into the steak and realize it's taking more effort than I expected. I realized why; it was because my steak was very well done, and dry. I figured I would at least taste it and give it a chance, I don't like to complain. But the steak tasted bland, dry, and a bit tough. I called the waiter over and politely explained to him that I knew it wasn't his fault, but the steak was not made to order. He offered to bring me another steak, but I sent the steak back and told him I'd rather just have the fried chicken. I love cooking, and omelettes are my specialty. I usually make them at least three times a week for breakfast. My kids love them as well. On Sunday, I decided to try a new recipe for my omelettes. I went to the store, got my ingredients, and brought them home. I laid everything out on my counter top and got the necessary tools. I cracked the eggs along with a small amount of water into a bowl and beat them until they were all mixed together. Then, I added some salt and pepper to the egg and mixed it again. Then, I heated some butter in a pan on the stove. Once the butter had melted, I poured in the egg mixture until it filled the entire pan. I then added some cheese and bacon bits into the pan and mixed it in. I let it cook for a while and then flipped it. Once both sides were sufficiently cooked, I took it out of the pan, put it on a plate, and ate it. It was a hot summer day when I looked outside and thought my grass was getting a little too long.  My neighbor was out mowing his yard, so I decided to go mow mine as well.  I put on some old jeans, a tank top and some old, dirty sneakers.  I went out to the shed and got my lawn mower out.  I put some more gas into the lawn mower and pulled the cord to start it.  I came to life and I went out the front yard.  I was careful to make sure I was mowing in a straight line to make sure my yard would look nice and neat.  Then, once the front yard was finished, I mowed the back yard.  I put away the lawn mower and took out the weed wacker to get the places the mower just couldn't get to.  I made sure the yard looked flawless! It was my mother 's birthday last weekend and I wanted to bake her a cake . First , I looked up a recipes on the Internet . I found a chocolate cake recipe that looked very good . I was missing a few ingredients , so I made a quick run to the grocery store . Once I had what I needed , I got to work . First , I got out all of the baking pans that I would need to bake the cake . Then I got out all the ingredients and let them sit at room temperature for a bit . After prepping the pans , I preheated the oven and stirred the dry ingredients together . Then I added the butter , sugar , eggs , and flour . After everything was mixed well , I put the mixture in the pan and then put the pan in the oven . After 40 minutes , the cake was done . I let it cool and then added white frosting . My mom loved the cake . I looked around my room and decided that it needed a change. I went to the phone book to look up the name of a service that could help me. There weer many different options and I picked the one that looked like it was the most popular. The man who I called told me he could come over that day to look at the room. He arrived and gave me photos of samples of other rooms he did. I picked some features of the renovated room I wanted and explained how I imagined the rest. The man took my information and began to draw up a set of plans just for me. He finished the next day and I reviewed the plans and approved them. The man sent work crews to my house and they worked for a week to renovate my room. I loved the final result and then I paid the man for his services. I had gotten home from work and was trying to figure out what to cook for dinner. I decided to saut some vegetables on my kitchen stove. I pulled out the pan that I use to saut and turned on the gas. I first switched the burner to the "light" setting, so that the gas would catch and my burner would turn on. Then, once my burner had lit, I turned it down to a medium high setting to cook my vegetables. I put my pan on top of the burner and put some olive oil in it so that the pan and oil would heat up while I was preparing my vegetables. I began to chop my vegetables and once they were cut, I added them to my pan which was now hot. I added salt, pepper, garlic salt, rosemary, and thyme to season my vegetables. I stirred them as they cooked and waited until they were tender. Once they were finished, I scooped the vegetables onto my plate and turned the burner off. Finally, the big day has arrived, my niece is getting married. The whole family will be there everyone is so excited!  Let see, I must remember to bring the gift, but first I will get ready. Last night I took out everything I would wear to this special occasion. All the finishing touches are done hair,  makeup, and the right perfume.The gift is placed in the car and off to the chapel, zoom, zoom! Once there the gift is placed on the brides table, and a quick peek at the cake. How lovely the colors are gold and white and the flowers are aromatic. Yeah, love is in the air! All the guest are finally in their seats, and silence fills the room, the groom is waiting. We all stand, here comes the bride, dress is stunning as she walks  down the flower covered aisle. Vows are exchanged to love and cherish. Afterward, all the guest and family ate, celebrated and dance the night away. The weather was nice today, warm and sunny with no sign of rain, so my best friend and I decided to have a picnic. First, we thought about a good location, and decided to go to a state park not very far away. The park has lots of picnic tables, plus trails for hiking and other activities we could do after eating. Next, I got out my cooler, while my friend started making sandwiches. We put some ice in the bottom of the cooler. After that, we put in some bottled water, then potato salad and fruit, stored in their own sturdy plastic containers. The sandwiches went on top, where they wouldn't get squished by the heavier items. We packed the cooler in the trunk of my car, along with some sunscreen and bug spray, and drove to the state park. We parked near a picnic area and chose a table under a shady tree. While we ate our meal, we watched the wildlife nearby. Squirrels played in the tree, birds flew overhead, and a deer cautiously crept out of the woods to graze at the edge of the clearing. When we finished eating, we picked up all of the trash and put it into a bag. We dumped the ice out of the cooler to make it lighter, then put the plastic containers inside. We carried the cooler and the trash back to the car and put it away before going hiking. I am babysitting my newborn nephew while his mother goes to the store. When he cries I know it is only for a few reasons. One of those reasons is that hungry. He gets fed on a schedule, so I know if he starts crying at around 12pm it's because it's time for his bottle. My nephew takes formula so first I have to mix the formula with water and put it in the microwave. Then I have to take it out and shake it til it's well mixed. I test the temperature of the formula on my wrist to make sure it's not too hot. Once it's at the right temperature I sit down with the baby. I cradle him in my arms and place the bottle in his mouth. He immediately starts drinking. I have to sit until he drinks a certain amount of ounces. When he is done I burp him by placing him on my shoulder and patting his back. The floor in my house is almost entirely hardwood with only one bedroom being carpet. Every single week, usually on Thursday, I clean my floors. I begin the process by going around the house and picking up everything that I find lying around on the ground. I put it all away where it belongs and get out the broom and dustpan. Then, I sweep the floor until all of the dust is swept up and thrown away. I then put the broom away and prepare a mop bucket. I usually add a polishing agent to the water to keep my floors looking nice. I then dunk the mop into the bucket and begin to mop the floor. I go from room to room until every area of my house besides the bedroom is clean. Then, I get out the vacuum, plug it up, and vacuum the carpet in the bedroom. I finish by putting everything away into storage. There are many times in life when we may want to visit relatives.  One such time could be for someone's birthday.  Usually, we would be invited to their home for the party.  We would accept the invitation.  We would prepare by buying a gift.  We would also think of what to wear and how to dress up.  We would arrive with our gift.  We would happily greet our relatives and give them the gift.  We would sit and talk to our relatives while the food is being prepared.  We would talk about how happy we were to spend time with family.  We would be grateful at being invited to their home.  We would then enjoy the food and drinks and let the kids play by themselves and with the adults.  The visit would end with having some desert and tea.  We would then say bye to our relatives and leave. I removed a bag of coffee from the pantry along with a clean filter.  I measured 2 tablespoons of coffee into the filter.  I took the filter holder out of my machine, removed the old filter, and put the new filter with fresh ground coffee into it.  Then I placed filter holder back into my machine.  I took the glass carafe from the coffee machine and filled it with cold water.  I then slowly poured the water into the compartment above the coffee filter.  I turned the machine on and waited as the water heated up.  I could smell the aroma of coffee as the water ran over the coffee grounds and dripped fresh, hot coffee into the carafe.  After a few minutes, I had hot of steaming hot coffee ready to be drunk.  I removed the carafe and poured coffee into my mug.  I added some sugar and cream to flavor it how I like to drink it.  Then I poured a cup with extra sugar but no cream for my husband and put it into a travel mug for him to take to work. One morning I went outside to collect my mail. Most of it was junk, but I found this beautiful letter with an ornate wax seal. I opened it very carefully and read through the letter. My sister was getting married! I couldn't believe my eyes as soon as I read that letter, I snatched my computer and ordered plane tickets to the location. when I arrived I went to my sister's house and hugged her so tight. I was so happy for her we were discussing the details and she said that the wedding was tomorrow and she asked me to be her maid of honor I was really excited! The next day had come and I was prepared for everything. When the ceremony was done with I said, "congratulations! I love you so much!" I had returned home after a long ride, and I unpacked me suitcase and went to bed. Paul walked into the video rental store after a very hard day at work. Paul was angry because he had been asked to move areas until next week. He had been fond of the job he had been doing. He did not like his new position at all, but no one would listen to him. He needed to relax, and headed over to the Comedy section in the store. He browsed the racks of DVD's, and finally selected a stand up comedy routine. The guy on the front seemed happy enough. Maybe, I will feel better after I watch him, Paul thought. He took the empty case to the girl at the counter. She asked him for his phone number, and he quietly rattled it off to her. The girl informed him that there was money past due on his account for past rentals. Paul had only brought enough money for the one DVD. He really wanted it, and told her so. She agreed to let him rent it, if he would pay his debt when he brought it back. He agreed, and walked the rest of the way home thinking that maybe today wasn't such a bad day. I unloaded the dishwasher when I got home from work. When it stopped running I cracked open the door and put a towel in the door so everyone knew that the dishes were clean. I checked and everything was dry. I started on the top rack by putting away glasses and plastic containers that were washed on the top rack. There were a few glasses that did not wash properly and there was some residue in them so I put some dish soap and hot water in them and sat them in the sink to rinse out later. I then put away everything in the bottom rack which was large and small plates and some baking pans. The last thing I unload is the utensil basket, it is easiest for me to take the whole basket out and hold it while I put each utensil where it belongs. Once I finished emptying the dishwasher I had some dirty dishes in the sink so I loaded them in as a start for the next load. Last night I wanted to watch my favorite movie. I had the movie on a DVD disk. I got the case the movie came from out of the DVD closet. I opened it up and checked to see if it had any scratches. It did not. I turned on my television. Then I turned the channel to the right output source, using the remote control that goes with my television. I needed to plug in the DVD player. I took the wires from the DVD player, and matched the colors and shapes to the plug ins on the back of the television. Red to red, yellow to yellow, and USB square to USB square. Then I plugged the DVD player in. I took the disk I had and put it in the player. I made sure everything was working just right. I used the remote to press the play button. I enjoyed watching the movie very much. Yesterday morning I was able to go to the museum down the street that I had always wanted to go to. I got there early with a friend and was able to get a guide to show my friend and I some of the exhibits and other displays in the building. I think the best part of the museum was some of the history was learned in the western exhibit that talked about some of the legends and folk heroes from the west. They had some really nice models of famous historic scenes that were involved in history as well, so much that at some points and places in the museum, you really felt like you were transported back in time which was a really cool and different feeling to have. When my friend and I left we immediately knew that we would be coming back really soon if we had our way. Last weekend, I had a job interview and was waiting to have a call back about if I would have another interview.  I kept my phone close to me so that it would be ready to answer.  Two days after the interview, I heard my phone ring.  I picked it up and clicked the button to answer.  I asked who the person was and what they wanted.  It was the secretary from the business and she was asking to schedule another interview for me to meet with her boss.  I told her that I would be happy to go meet with him again.  I asked the woman if she knew what time worked best.  She told me that I could come by Friday and that they would have about 30 minutes to talk with me about the job.  I agreed and told her that she should have a nice day. When I looked out of my window into my back garden I decided I needed a tree to help provide some shade for my dogs while they are outside as it can get very hot where I live . I thought carefully about the type of tree I wanted to grow , I needed something with lots of leaves that would grow quite fast as I could n't afford to buy a tree that was already grown . I did some research on the internet and decided that I would like a Japanese Maple tree with red leaves . I drove to the garden center and made my way to the tree section , where there were lots of lovely small Japanese Maples for sale already growing in pots . I found someone who worked there to advise me on the best way to plant the tree and how to care for it . After I had paid for it and chosen some special compost for trees , they helped me load the car and I drove home to plant it . I selected a good spot in the garden where it would have room to spread out and went into the garage to get my spade . I dug a hole wide and deep enough for the entire pot to fit into , and I laid the pot on it 's side , gently tugging on the tree to remove it from the pot . Once it was free , I shook the roots a little to free them up and planted the tree in the hole I had dug . Then I packed the sides of the roots with the compost , making sure the trunk stayed vertical as I was doing this . When I had finished I watered the new tree really well , making a puddle around the base of the trunk with my garden hose . Then it was time to sit back and imagine in a few years I would have a big leafy red maple providing lots of shade and color .  Luke was so excited for summer to finally be here.  He had been waiting all year to do his favorite summer activity, camping.   He and his dad decided they would be going to a local state park do some primitive camping.  The primitive camping sites were for tents only,  and Luke had just gotten a new two person tent for his birthday.  Dad called the campground and reserved a site for this evening.  Luke was so excited he started packing his bags.  He knew he'd need his tent and sleeping bag, that was a given, but he was trying to remember the other things that would be important.  Dad reminded him of how bad the bugs were in the woods, and that he would want to bring several changes of clothes in case they got wet while fishing.  Oh yes, fishing gear, that's what he had been forgetting.  Luke went to the garage and gathered his fishing rod, tackle, and his favorite lucky hat in a pile.  Dad packed more practical things like toothbrushes, flashlights, and snacks.   They packed all of the gear in to Dad's truck and took off for their adventure.  When they arrived, they paid the park ranger for their camp site, and drove out toward the woods. They were excited to find a nice flat piece of ground with a fire pit, and lots of trees.  This was the beginning of an amazing summer. After discussing with my 4 year old daughter what she wanted to eat for her birthday she decided on Chili's. She loves Chili's. We talked to our family members, my parents, my in-laws, my husband's grandparents and my sisters, to see if they would like to join us. They all decided that they would come along. We needed a reservation for 12 people. Since we didn't just want to show up at Chili's hoping they would have enough room to seat us right away for 12 people I called that day to make a dinner reservation for 6pm that night. It was pretty simple. The girl just took down my name, the amount of people I needed a reservation for and the time we would be there. When we arrived at Chili's at 6pm our table for 12 people was ready! Our dinner went along great and my daughter really had a great time for her birthday. I decided that I wanted to rent a movie instead of seeing something in a movie theater. Because there aren't any video stores around anymore, I checked on my tv to see what was available for me to rent on cable. I also checked to see if there are any Red Boxes in the area where I can rent a DVD for $1.20. I decided to go to a Red Box to get a DVD. I drove to the grocery store down the street and found the Red Box. I used the Red Box to look through the available movies. I sorted the movies by what came out most recently. Many of the movies were gone because they were rented by someone else. I finally found one I thought sounded interesting. I selected Hidden Figures because I had not seen it yet. After I made my choice, I used my debit card to pay the $1.20 fee, added my email address to get my receipt, and finished the transaction. The DVD came out of the slot on the machine and I took it and drove home. My friends and I decided to have a picnic for lunch today.  I was very excited to go to the picnic and I quickly started making sandwiches for us to have for lunch.  There were four of us so I made four turkey sandwiches and packed them in to a picnic basket.  I also grabbed four sodas and put them into a cooler.  I drove to the park and met my three other friends there.  One of my friends was nice enough to bring some cookies so we had our sandwiches, or drinks and a nice dessert.  After eating my friend  showed me that he had brought a frisbee so we played a really fun game of frisbee at the park.  After the game we were tired so we relaxed on the epic nice blanket for about an hour before finally driving home.  It was a great way to spend the day . My grandmother died last summer on the fourth of July. We had to drive eight hours to Maryland to attend the funeral. My family is Irish Catholic and full of drinkers. Despite this, the funeral turned out to be a fairly calm affair. We had the service at the funeral home. My cousin gave the eulogy and we all cried. Then she played a country song which made me want to laugh because it was so awful. Then the priest said a few words. He was a funny man. Then we all went out to our cars and proceeded to the cemetery. It was hot and we knew Nan was loving watching all of us sweating in our black clothes. It was a quick service at the grave site and then we headed to the after funeral party at the VFW hall. there was food and booze and then it was over and nan was gone. Living in old house is not good experience, it brings depression. So we decided to renovate the rooms. We wanted to start with bedroom, which was most ugliest, specially because it has somehow darkwood color, and it literally looks like dark basement. First of all, we moved our all furniture to other rooms. Cleared up all walls. Then we spread plastic all over the floor, which covered every inch from wall to wall. and taped it on walls so it does not touch the floor at all. We chose teal color for my bedroom We used sand paper to scrap the walls. Then we used primer first, and it was white. That is like first coating to wall, so it becomes ready for more coating. other reason, to condition them prior to actual color. We let it dry for another day. Then we bought the color from office depot. We had some crushes, rollers, small brushes, wipes, towels. We had ladder. we started ceiling. For ceiling, we chose white color. First we finished with ceiling, then we  finished wall one by one using the rollers. It was not an easy task. My arms and shoulders were in pain every night. We gave equal pressure stroke from one direction to other. We finally were finished in 2 days. Then we let it dry for one day, and removed all the plastic, looked for any place that we might have missed. Then we gave fresh look to windows with white color. Finally we were done and brought the furniture in. My bedroom looked like brand new bride. It was time for me to feed the fish in my planted aquarium, so I picked up the fish food next to the tank and opened it by twisting the top so that the food could sprinkle its way out. I placed the food container back in its place for just a second, so that I could remove the top from the fish take. I then looked down into the tank to see if there was any debris that needed to be removed before the food was put into the tank. I used a cleaning fishnet to scoop the top of the water in order to remove small objects that were floating around at the top, dumping the debris into the garbage and resting the net with clean water from the faucet. I returned to the fishnet to its place behind the fish tank, then picked up the food and began sprinkling a small amount into the water. I looked down into the tank to see that the fish were making their way from the bottom to the top of the water in order to eat, and when I saw that some fish has swam to a side of the water surface that did not have any food, I sprinkled a little bit of the fish food on that side so they would not have to fight the other fish for food. Once I was satisfied that there was a sufficient amount of food spaced out so that all the fish could eat, then I put the food back in its place and put the top back on to the fish tank. Today we went to the beach to play in the ocean. We gathered all our beach toys, and our beach blanket and chairs, and the big umbrella. We packed a cooler full of yummy snacks and cold drinks and we drove to the ocean. As soon as we got to the edge of the beach, I took off my shoes so I could walk in the sand and feel it on my toes! We carried our things to a spot close to the shore, but not too close! We arranged the chairs and the blanket under the umbrella, and put on lots of sunblock, so nobody would get a sunburn. I ran to the water and splashed around in the waves. Then I went back to the blanket and I made a castle out of sand. Later on, I buried my mom's legs in the sand. The we walked along the shore and looked for seashells and sea glass. I had such fun that I fell asleep in the car on the way home. Yesterday, my friend and I decided to go to the swimming pool together. The weather was very nice and sunny out, and it was quite hot. We decided that it was the perfect day to go to the pool. We first packed our bathing suits, towels, and flip flops. We also packed some waterproof sunscreen and a few snacks (like chips, pretzels, and juice boxes). We took our items to the pool together and dipped our toes into the water. The water was cold and felt really refreshing since the temperature was so hot! We then went fully underwater, which felt amazing. We swam for hours and played pool games, like Marco Polo. We also rented a couple of pool noodles to play with. After swimming for three hours, we decided we were hungry. We got out of the pool and dried off with our towels, then ate the snacks we brought. It was a fun afternoon at the pool. At least 2 times a week we order food from restaurant. This time we decided to try something new and decided to go for Mexican food. we ordered, chicken enchiladas, chicken chips, crunchy tacos, and some soft tacos and nacho cheese. we put the carry out order, because it was not far from our house. When I picked it up, I did not check my items. When It arrived. the order was wrong. There were no crunchy tacos, and nacho cheese had pork. I specifically told them that we do not eat pork. Chicken enchiladas were were very dry. It was a big disappointment, as it was first time we ordered from this restaurant. I was mad. Everyone was so hungry. But no choice. Immediately I called them up and explain the situation. They were nice, and told me to bring it back and they will fix it for me. I drove back with my all food, and they made new order and refunded me half of the money and apologized. It was a mistake, they switched the order. Finally, we got our food, 1 hour later. When you need to go outside the city limits of London , it is best to take a train . Cars are a poor choice as they hit traffic often , as well as cost money to drive , for me it is far cheaper to take the train . This , of course , was when I lived in London which I do not do now . Anyway , when I wanted to visit the beach town of Brighton I took the train . I made sure to research the time schedule as to find the correct train and time . I found there was one going when I wanted and it was leaving from Victoria station . I made sure to get there early so as to purchase a ticket and get a good seat , I do n't like traveling backwards . Having bought my ticket at the counter I walked to the waiting train . It was very nice and new and I had little trouble finding a good seat . I settled in and closed my eyes , ready to rest on the exceedingly comfortable train that was taking me on an adventure .  Last time I made a bonfire, I was extremely excited. It was a nice cool night and I had already invited many friends to my house to attend.  When everybody came, I gave a hug or a handshake and welcomed them to my house. We all sat around the fire with drinks and food and had a great time. I first had to start the fire and then each of us put marsh mellows in the fire and talked and had a good time. This was fun and relaxing and gave all of us the opportunity to sit around in the nice weather. I felt extremely relaxed and was able to share nice discussions with everyone who attended. We were able to have lots of food and drinks and we all enjoyed our time there. Overall, it was simple and didn't cost a lot of money, yet it was still extremely fun. This morning I wanted to make myself a big breakfast; so I got out my pan and started heating it up on my gas stove. I turned the heat to medium so the pan would be ready when I got my food out the refrigerator. I decided this morning I wanted an omelet and sausage, so I took out eggs and cracked them into a large bowl. After I whipped them smooth I greased up my pan and poured the eggs in pan. While I let that heat up I pulled out another pan and put it on another gas burner. I got out my sausage patties and put them in the pan. My eggs were ready to turn so I used my spatula to flip them. Now, my sausages were ready to be turned so used my tongs to spin them to make sure they cooked evenly. After I cooked my food completely I took them from the pan and put them on a plate. Since I was done cooking I made sure I turned the gas completely off before I enjoyed my breakfast. When my child is sick, he needs to take medicine to help him feel better. He has a cold, and his sore throat is making him cough a lot. I decided to give him some cough medicine so he can feel a little better. I get the cough medicine from the medicine cabinet, along with a measuring spoon. I keep the medicine in a safe place where my son can't drink it by accident. I read the instructions carefully, making sure to measure out the right amount of medicine into the spoon so I don't give my son too much or too little. Once I have the right amount, I go to my son and give him the medicine. I tell him to open wide and pour the medicine right into his mouth, making sure he swallows it all. The medicine doesn't taste very good, but he swallows it all down because he knows it'll help him feel better. Pretty soon, he's not coughing any more! I was watching a cooking show yesterday on television about different recipes for cake mix cakes . I saw a recipe that looked good . I had a Red Velvet chocolate cake mix in a box and the blueberries required . I 'm too adventurous for my own good . I figured I 'd try it . I tossed the blueberries with sugar and put them in the baking dish . I then mixed butter and a little milk with the cake mix . I put it on top of the blueberries . I put it in the oven . It was supposed to be like a cobbler . The cake was pretty bad . The bottom was all watery and the cake mix was super mushy because of all the liquid . The first couple of bites were okay . That was about all anyone could eat . I even tried to get the juice out . I 'm tossing it this morning .  When I was younger, I thought that any animal could be considered a pet. I was also scared that I wouldn't be able to take care of a dog, though, so I constantly asked my parents for pet fish. I asked for fish because I thought that they would be easy to take care of. When I was about 7 years old, my parents bought a huge aquarium and put it in our living room, and later that day, we went to the store and picked up some fish to put into it. Since I was the one who wanted pet fish, my parents gave me the responsibility of feeding them. Every now and then during the day, I would take the fish flakes that we bought from the same store and sprinkle enough into the tank for all the little fish to eat some. I did this every day that we had that aquarium. I decided to make toast for breakfast this morning, so I opened the bag of sliced bread on the counter and removed one piece. I closed the bag back up using a twist tie and placed the slice of toast in a slot in the toaster. I plugged in the toaster on the counter, and pushed down the button that activated the toaster. The toast moved down inside the toaster upon pushing the button and began to cook as the parts inside the toaster heated up and glowed red. I adjusted the knob so that the toast would be perfectly cooked, not burnt, and waited for the toast to pop up. Once it was finished, the toast popped up and was hot and crispy. I placed it on a plate with rest of my breakfast and got the butter out of the fridge. Using a butter knife, I spread some of the butter on the toast. I arrived at the salon and walked inside . At the front counter was a receptionist who asked me if I had an appointment . I did have an appointment that I scheduled for that day . She let me know that my hairdresser would be ready for me in a few minutes , so I sat down in the lobby and read a magazine for a few minutes . I found a picture of a short hairstyle that I really liked . When my hairdresser came to the lobby to get me , I showed her the picture of the haircut that I wanted . She said that it would be an easy job with my thick hair . I followed her back to the salon area , and she motioned for me to take a seat in a big chair . I sat down , and she put a cape around my shoulders to prevent hair from sticking to my clothes . She brought over a cart with a small tub on it , and told me to lean my neck back while she washed my hair . After shampooing my hair , she rinsed it out with water and put it up in a towel to let it dry . She rolled the cart away and came back with a comb and pair of scissors , and combed through my hair . She applied a special creme to my hair to help nourish it , and then started snipping away . Long pieces of my hair fell all around me to the floor . She turned my chair around so she could reach the hair in the front of my head , and when she was done she washed her scissors off . Then , she dried my hair with a blow dryer and my haircut was fully revealed . She took the cape off of me and we chatted for a bit about our days and I thanked her . I returned to the receptionist to pay with my credit card . Then I left .  As I saw there was only 10 minutes left on the oven timer, the casserole was about to be done. I decided it was time to start setting the dining room table. I wiped the table down to make sure it was clean. I got the placemats out of the closet and placed four on the table, one at each spot. I reached into the kitchen cabinet and got out four large plates, again placing one at each spot. Then oven timer went off, so I got out a trivet and placed it at the center of the table. I then placed the hot casserole dish from the oven on top. I finished setting the dining room table by placing a glass at each place setting. I then counted out four knives, four forks, and four spoons and placed one of each at each place setting. I finally set out a pitcher for drinks and called the family to come eat. Today is bathroom cleaning day, said mom as she walked in from work that Friday afternoon. Us kids were hanging out in the living room, one on the computer, another watching TV, another on their phone and I was finishing my school project. We all knew what she meant by bathroom cleaning; that meant we all were going to have clean the whole house staring with the bathrooms. I volunteer to clean the upstairs bathrooms because I know they are the easiest and cleanest to start with. My siblings give me the stink eye, when I walk upstairs to my chore assignment. That's why I am the oldest I whispered to them as I grabbed the cleaning products and smirked when they were salty about it. Because they got stuck with the rest of the house. I headed to the bathroom upstairs and sprayed the tub with the tub cleaner, and I let that soak. I sprayed the toilet with the toilet cleaner and let that soak and sprayed the sink with the disinfectant and let that soak. While everything was soaking I was listen to music. After a few minutes I rinse the tub down and the product did all the work for me, the shower looked good as new.  I scrubbed the toilet with the toilet scrubber and it was clean in no time. I wiped down all the surfaces with disinfectant, cleaned the mirrors, took out the trash and sprayed the bathroom with disinfectant. After twenty minutes, I was finished. So I headed to the kitchen for a snack, as the rest of my siblings were still cleaning away. That is why I always clean the bathrooms on cleaning day. My cousin painted me a beautiful picture of a church a few years ago and gave it to me as a Christmas gift. It was so beautiful that I decided to hang it up in my bedroom. First, I decided on a location to the painting. There was an empty wall beside of my closet where I though it would look very nice. I grabbed a pencil, a hammer, some measuring tape, and a nail from the garage. I marked the exact spot where I wanted it to hang and double checked it using the measuring tape. Once I was satisfied, I placed the nail in the wall with the hammer, making sure to move the hand holding the nail once it was in the wall. I grabbed the painting and found the small hook at the back used to secure it to the wall. Holding it by this, I carefully placed it on the wall and straightened it until it was level. I was finally going to get to go on a long vacation that I have been planning for weeks. I took my big suitcases out of the closet where I kept them. I put them on ,y bed o I could fill them with everything I would need for my trip. I went into my closet and got out my shirts, pants, underwear and socks. I had chosen enough outfits to last the whole time I would be gone; now I needed to collect my toiletries. I went into the bathroom with my Toiletry bag and packed up all the essentials I would need while away from home, hen I filled my bag I placed it in my suitcase with the rest of my close. I made sure to zip my bag up tight so nothing would spill out in my travels. I made sure I had the information I needed for my trip and left with my suitcase. Recently, a coworker of mine from my college research team passed away. She was killed in a car accident while she was driving to the airport to fly back home for Easter. Her family and friends were very upset by the accident, and her death came as a surprise to everyone. Her parents invited everyone who knew her to a funeral at her hometown. Many friends, colleagues, and family members all planned to travel from very far to be there for the funeral. I also decided to attend. I booked a last-minute plane flight to the girl's hometown. I packed my nicest black dress in a suitcase. I let my boss at work know that I would be out of the office for a funeral for the next two days. He agreed to let me have the time off. I flew over to the girl's hometown and met up with all of the other funeral-goers at a church, which was the location of the funeral. The pastor talked about how this girl's life was taken too soon, and reminded us that God would watch over her. Then the funeral ceremony ended, and all of us accompanied the girl's parents to the cemetery to bury the coffin. I got asked out on a date by a boy I have a college class with, and I said yes. I was very nervous but also excited. Before I left for the date, I made sure to give myself enough time to get ready. I took a shower, dried and curled my hair, and did my makeup. I picked out a dress to wear with a jean jacket on top. I left my house to meet my date at the restaurant he had suggested. It was a nice restaurant in the middle of the city in Minneapolis. I scanned the restaurant for my date and saw him sitting at a table in the back. I sat down by him and began making conversation. We had a nice conversation throughout our entire meal. He was nice, funny, intelligent, and very goal oriented. I enjoyed spending time with him. At the end of the date, we split the bill and he walked me to my car. He gave me a hug and asked if I'd like to go on another date. I said that yes, I would, and that I would call him later that week. Tonight for dinner I decided to make myself an omelette to eat. I don't like a lot of ingredients on my omelette so I just used a few mushrooms and green peppers. I opened a can of mushroom slices and diced a small amount of green peppers and onions very fine. I sprayed my pan with cooking spray and added the vegetables. I sauteed them until they were softened. While the vegetables were cooking I cracked three eggs into a bowl and whipped them with a fork until they were mixed and frothy. When the vegetables were softened I dumped the eggs into the pan and turned the heat to medium. When I saw the the sides were looking hardened, I carefully lifted one side and turned the pan to the side to let the runny eggs go underneath. After thirty seconds I very carefully flipped the egg mixture and was successful! I added a handful of shredded cheddar cheese and carefully slid the omelette onto a plate where I folded it over. I seasoned with some salt and pepper and it was delicious. We went to beach, and one of privilege through club was , we get to pick some DVD's free of charge. So we went to DVD station. we wanted to decide which movie to rent. Now, everybody has different choice. They were new movie releases. Like, Mama a horror film, middle school, The Accountant,, Deep water horizon, come and find me, The whole truth, The girl on the train. All sounded very good, and I know we have one common thing that we all like thriller or comedy movie. So I asked everyone to make one choice out of these 7 movies we selected. So I can make my list to sort it out. It worked, it ended with 2 movies. We all ended up with " come and find me" as we watched the main character before in " Breaking bad". So I put my rental car in slot, but it did not work first time, so I talked to customer service and then she gave me other card, and it worked, it was good choice. Yesterday my wife and I decided to go shop for mattresses. There is a mattress store near where we live with a good selection, so we chose to go there.  Upon arriving at the mattress store, we were approached by the salesman, who asked us what we were looking for.  We told him how much we hoped to spend and the type of mattress we liked and he showed us to the correct area of the store.  As we tried the different mattresses to get a feel of what we liked, we were embarrassed as our three children started jumping from mattress to mattress in excitement.  We hurried with our selection to limit the time our kids could horse around.  Once we found a good mattress, we talked with the clerk about how to pay for it, signed the papers and went home.  It will be delivered next week--yay! I placed the laundry basket of freshly washed clothes on the folding table in the laundry room and started in.  I first sorted out types of clothes from the basket- shirts in one pile, pants in another, and socks and underwear in another.  I took a t-shirt out of the pile, flipped it over so that the back of the shirt was facing me and laid it out flat on the table.  I then folded the right arm straight down so that the arm of the shirt faced the middle, then the left side so that it looked like the arms were crossed on the shirt. Next step- carefully folding the bottom upward so that it met the shoulder line.  I picked it up, flipped it back over and the shirt was perfectly folded!  Boy this task was getting boring- I decided to do this while watching TV and moved the basket, and piles of clothing that were already folded to a nice comfy big chair, turned the TV on, found a favorite program and plopped down to continue the task of folding clothes.  Ahhh much better! Then came a pair of pants which I held up in front of me, folding the side-seems of the legs so that they met together at the legs.  Next, I folded the legs upward so that they met the top of the waist- perfect!  I put the pants in a stack of the same type of clothing that had already been folded and continued getting all those clothes folded and ready to put away.  Next came socks, find the mate to the sock needing to be folded, put them together and take one sock, folding the top over the other like you are making a cuff after you have put it on your foot, keep pushing the other sock in so that it looks like you have a small ball when you are done. Yaaay, socks are all done, now it's underwear next!  I pulled a pair of panties out of the basket, laid it out flat and then folded each side so that it met in the middle, then the bottom so that it to met in the middle then flipped it over, and started a pile of freshly folded underthings.  For things like bras, I folded the cups together, the back so that it fit inside the cup, and the straps down.  Soon with the help of glancing at the favorite TV program, the basket was empty, and laundry all folded- yippeeee!  What a great idea having something there to entertain a little while working had been. The service was terrible, the food was cold and she was overcharged for the meal. This was not the first time that Audrey had experienced these problems at this restaurant. She decided it was time to write to headquarters, because nothing was being done at store level to resolve the problems. She opened the word processing program on her computer and started a new page. She put her own address and the date in the top right corner and then entered the corporate address of the restaurant below and on the left. She started the letter with 'Dear Sir or Madam', not knowing for sure whether the reader would be a man or a woman. On the next line, she indented and communicated the problems she had on her most recent trip and the problems she had in the past. She explained what she had already said to managers in the restaurant and her disappointment that the problems had not been resolved. She asked that she be contacted in the future. She then signed the letter on the right side with the closing, 'Sincerely', and her name. She printed out the letter and signed under her name and mailed it. Yesterday, I went to the dentist. I brushed my teeth first, so she wouldn't think they were crusty. Then I walked to her office, which is only a few blocks from my house. I got there fifteen minutes before my appointment, and told the woman behind the counter I had an appointment with Dr. Le. She smiled and told me to take a seat. I looked at an old magazine while I waited. Soon another woman came and told me they were going to take an X-ray. She led me back to a small room. There she put heavy vest on me that was almost like a blanket. Then she put a small film holder in my mouth and told me to hold still. She left the room for a minute, and I think I heard a click, but I didn't feel anything. Then she came back and led me to the dentist's chair. The dentist smiled, and asked me how I was feeling. Then she told me to open wide, and carefully looked at all my teeth. They were fine! She told me to keep brushing and flossing, and to come back to see her in six months. I was glad to say good-bye. One of the activity, that you do in kitchen and will need your most attention is, boiling milk. It does not look like complicated, but needs most attention. I was also ready to do that. I got 2 gallons of milk today and I wanted to make custard today, So I emptied it in big pan. I turned on my stove, and put on medium heat and put the pan on. after few minutes, I started to stir it, because if I will not stir it will start to stick to the bottom, because my milk was very cold when I put it in pan. So I  stirred it often to make sure it is not sticking to bottom  ONce the milk was warm enough then I stop stirring it so much, then I increased more heat. Most important thing at this time, bit to move away from stove to avoid unnecessary big mass. I kept stirring once in while, and with in few minutes, milk started to make bubbling noise. it started to boil, and I turned the heat down, other wise definitely it was going to overflow. It kept boiling and it reached desired consistency I turned it off. Last night, after finishing up the laundry for the week, I was dead tired and ready for bed. Unfortunately, I had removed the bed sheets from the bed to launder them. I had taken off the fitted sheet and the pillowcases and tossed them into the washer. As I was looking at my enticing bed, I could hear the dryer working on my bed sheets. So, I went to my closet and took out another bed sheet and pillow case set. I unfurled the fitted sheet and managed to get it around all four corners. I then took the pillowcases and put them on my two pillows. After finishing the bed sheet change, I passed out on my soft, comfortable, and now, clean bed for a night of sleep. Tomorrow morning, I will take out the drying sheets and pillowcase from the dryer, fold them and then put them in the closet that I got tonight's new sheets from. Sleepy time. I have been looking for a good quality pair of shoes for a low price for about a week now. Today, I went on google and I typed in the name of the shoe that I liked. I looked around different websites to compare prices and I finally found the pair that I wanted for a good decent price. I clicked the size that I wanted and it said that I can enter a coupon code. So I opened another tab in google and searched for a coupon code and found one for free shipping. During the check out process, I entered my name, address, and my credit card information. Once I purchased my shoes online, it said that my shoes will take 3-5 business days to be delivered. I then got a confirmation email of my receipt purchase and they sent me a free $5 gift card for making my first online purchase. The next day, I couldn't help myself and I used my $5 online gift card and ordered another pair of shoes. I was really hungry yesterday after I drove to the post office.  I really just wanted to eat a really big burger.  As I was driving, I passed a burger placed called Burger Supreme.  I veered off of the road and parked in the drive-thru and waited for my turn.  As I got closer to the drive-thru window, I encountered the menu and I made my order.  They asked if I wanted to get any fries and I told them I didn't want them.  I drove up to the next window and I paid for my burger.  They said it would take a while so I went and parked.  After a few minutes, I got anxious and walked inside to ask what went wrong.  They had forgotten my order, but they made it really fast and I sat down with the burger and ate it when they were finished with it. Last night I made a chili meal in the crock pot. I had over estimated the amount of food so I had leftovers after the meal. I put the leftovers in the fridge. Tonight I did not feel like making another whole meal, having worked a long day. I put a medium sized pot on my gas stove top and filled it with the leftover chili. I added a little water and turned on the gas stove. It is an older stove, so I had to turn on the gas and then strike a match to get the flame started. Once the flame had started, I turned the flame down to medium and fished a wooden spoon out of the drawer. I stirred the chili every so often in between setting the table and pouring the water. I had to be careful not to burn it; that's what I had done last time. Soon the chili was hot and boiling. I dished it out into the bowls and served dinner, making sure I had turned off the gas properly. Almost every afternoon, my family and I like to get exercise while also walking our dog. When we first started walking our puppy, he didn't really understand what was going on. It seemed like some days we spent more time almost dragging him instead of him walking along by himself. Eventually though he learned that when we grabbed the leash that we store by the front door, that it was time to explore the neighborhood together. So now we grab the leash and he comes running. We attach the leash to him to ensure that he doesn't get run off and get into trouble. After we attach the leash, we head outside and begin walking along the sidewalks in our neighborhood. Now that he understands what we are doing, he usually leads the way and there isn't a lot of tugging him along. In addition to a leash, we make sure to bring little baggies with us in case he needs to go to the restroom. If he goes to the restroom in someone else's yard, we make sure that we pick it up and bring it home to throw it in the trash as we want to be a good neighbor. After concluding our walk, we return our leash to its place inside our front door so that we will know where to find it next time. When I clean the bathroom I start by putting toilet bowl cleaner in the toilet which I will let sit for a few minutes while I prepare the rest of the bathroom. I will remove the rugs and take them to the deck where I shake them and then hang them to air out. I will scrub the toilet, put the brush back in the toilet brush holder and then I will wipe down the rest of the toilet seat and back of the toilet with pre-moistened cleaning wipes, I let the toilet bowl cleaner sit in the bowl without flushing until someone needs to use the bathroom. I will remove everything that is sitting on the sink and wipe that down with the same wipes, when it dries I will put everything (soap, contact solution, toothpaste) back in order. I will then use Windex to clean the mirrors. I will spray the shower with shower cleaning foam and scrub and rinse that. I then sweep the floor and use a solution of vinegar and hot water to mop the floor. When I am done cleaning I close the door to keep my dogs out and leave the ventilation fan running to dry everything. When the floors are dry I put the rugs back down. I decided I needed to go to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned and checked for cavities, so I called my dentist's office to make an appointment. When the day arrived, I went into their office and checked in at reception. They gave me forms to fill out and asked me to have a seat in the waiting area. I answered questions about any pain or concerns I had about my teeth, and then they called me back. First, the dental assistant asked me questions about how I take care of my teeth, and she checked for cavities by poking each tooth. Next, we took X-rays of my teeth. The dentist came into the room and looked at the X-rays. I had no cavities! After that, the assistant cleaned my teeth with a special treatment and had me rinse it out. She told me not to eat or drink anything for 30 minutes, and I paid for my appointment and left. Last time I checked into an airport, I was on my way to Florida. When I got to the airport and arrived at the Spirit line to check my luggage, then line was huge and people were scattered all over. I waited for about an hour with my girlfriend before we were finally helped. After getting helped, we went into the line for the security checkpoint. At this time, our ID's were checked and we also had to put everything into the bucket as we went through the metal detector. This part was quicker, but it was still somewhat annoying. Shortly after, we passed this stage and were able to go to the gate where our plane was located. We were there right on time, as the plane was just starting to board. This was a long and annoying experience, but fortunately, we were able to make our flight successfully. Today I wanted to eat at Chick-fa-li so I drove to the restaurant and parked in the parking lot. When I went inside I looked at the menu to decide what I wanted to eat. There were so many choices it took a few minutes to decide. After I picked out the meal and drink I wanted I got in line to wait for the next register to be ready. When it was my turn I told the cashier what I wanted to eat and drink, then she told me how much it was. I gave her the money and she gave made my drink so I could drink while I waited for the food to be ready. While waiting for the food I picked out the table I wanted to sit at and got the ketchup and mayo I needed for my chicken and fries. My food was finally ready so I got it, sat down at the table I picked, and ate my food. One day I decided to go out to shop.  So first I got ready and then went in my car.  I drove in my car to the shopping centre and reached there in ten minutes.  I got out and started walking around looking at things.  First, I went to the clothes section.  I found some really great things that I liked, so I went to the cashier and stood in the line.  When I got to the cashier, and got my money and paid for the clothes.  After that, I felt hungry so I decided to find something to eat.  I walked around for a while and found a good restaurant.  I ordered my food and had a great lunch.  Then I walked around the stores and bought some other stuff like towels and shoes.  Then I felt tired so I got in my car and went home.  It was really fun! I usually fold my clothes after I take them out of the dryer. Some people do not, as rumpled casual is OK to wear these days. Folding clothes makes them easier to store in the closet or in a chest of drawers. If you are going to iron the clothes later, they are less rumpled if you have folded them first. If I have all of my clothes in one laundry basket, I usually sort them first. I put them in piles according to clothing type. The surface of a made bed is a good place to fold clothes. I smooth out my socks and put them in pairs, tucking them together at the tops so they stay together. Underwear, both women's and men's I fold at least in half, sometimes in quarters. First I lay the item on the bed, smooth the fabric so that the item is reasonably flat, then I fold it into one or two parts. Men's boxer shorts can also be rolled into a sort of a tube shape or sausage. This is still folding them, as it minimizes the wrinkles. I fold T-shirt, after smoothing them out, by folding the sleeves in first, then folding the remaining garment in half and then in quarters. Pants I also lay them flat on the bed, smooth them out, then fold into quarters. Pants can also be smoothed then rolled with a minimum of wrinkles when you take them out to wear them. I don't fold a lot of other kinds of clothes, as my husband and I sleep in T-shirts and underwear. After I am done folding the clothes I put them away on a shelf in the closet or in drawers. I do laundry once a week, my husband and I don't make much laundry. First I separate the whites so that the colored clothing doesn't make them dingy. I fill the washing machine halfway with the colored and a darker clothes or maybe slightly more, making sure they are evenly distributed so that the load is not unbalanced. I measure out a half a cap full which is the recommended amount for the type of detergent and machine that I have. I pour the detergent into the specified slot. I close the lid and turn the dial to cold water wash and make sure that the settings are proper. I prefer cold water because it's cheaper and doesn't fade colors or make dyes bleed. I also set the soil level to high, spin speed to high, and make sure the clothes are spun out twice so that they dry faster in the dryer. I then press start, the washing process will take about an hour. Once the clothes are clean and spun out I deposit them in to the dryer. I woke up one morning and my throat was so sore I could barely even swallow.  I just knew I had to try and get into the doctor's office.  I thought I might have strep throat!  I got into my car and drove down to the clinic.  I signed in and gave the receptionist my insurance card.  She registered me and told me to go wait in the waiting room.  I sat down and read an old Better Homes and Gardens magazine.  After several minutes, the nurse called me back.  First, she weighed me and measured my height.  Then, we went into an exam room.  She asked me a few questions and took my temperature and blood pressure. When she was finished, she told me the doctor would be in soon and left the room.  After a few minutes, the doctor came in and looked at my throat. He was certain I had strep throat.  He wrote me a prescription and I was on my way. Now that its Summer its time to have a barbecue.  I start by cleaning off the grill, and putting in fresh charcoal and lighting it.  While the coals are getting hot I get the hamburgers, hot dogs, cheese and buns.  Once the coals are red and hot, I put the hamburgers and hotdogs on. They sizzle and pop while they cook.  I roll the hot dogs back and forth with a tong and when the hamburgers are ready I flip them over with a spatula.  I put cheese on the top of them so it can melt.  I also put the buns on the top grill so they can toast.  As soon as the hot dogs and cheeseburgers are done, I put the toasted buns on the plates and put the hot dogs and cheeseburgers on the plates.  I bring them to the picnic table where my family is waiting to put ketchup, mustard, and relish on them.  We also have French fries, cold slaw, macaroni and cheese and salad to go with it.  Its a great summer night dinner. My family goes around the corner to do the laundry. We don't have a washing machine, but my mother says the laundromat is more interesting anyway. At home, we organize our clothes into light and dark colored loads, and sometimes we make a separate load of delicate things. We stuff the laundry into pillow cases, and each of us carries one. My mother carries a big container of laundry soap too, although it's possible to buy small packages of soap at the laundromat. Once we get there, we load the light clothes, the dark clothes, and the delicate clothes into separate machines. We set the dials on the front of the machines to Hot for light-colored clothes, Cold for dark-colored clothes, and Delicate for special things that might tear. Then we put quarters in the machines, and they start. In less than an hour they are done, and we load them into the huge dryers. Sometimes we put everything in one dryer, except the delicate things. My mom called out to me from the kitchen that it was time for dinner and I should come set the table.  We have a large dining room table next to the living room.  I shut off the TV and went into the kitchen to fetch the forks, knives, and napkins.  The place mats were already on the table so I wrapped a napkin around one knife and fork and placed it beside a place mat.  I did this for myself, my brother, and my parents.  Then I went back in the kitchen and got out four plates.  Those I placed in the middle of each of the place mats.  Next I went back to the kitchen and got out four cups and I put ice in each of them.  I put the cups on the other side of the place mat from the knives and forks.  I got out a pitcher of tea from the refrigerator and put it in the middle of the table so everyone could pour some drink for themselves.  I then helped my mom carry the food out to the table and put it in the middle next to the tea.  Then we were ready to eat. I threw a party for New Year's Eve this past year. I invited ten people and had it at my apartment. I gathered enough alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks as well as several bags of ice. I bought a few bags of chips, cut veggies and dip. I made buffalo chicken dip, hot crab dip and ordered some pizzas. A friend made some desserts to bring along. We had so much food that I made guests take some along home with them. The weather was rather warm for December so we were able to hang out on the deck which was fun that we weren't all cooped up inside. One friend brought along a game that we all played and had fun playing. Everyone stayed until midnight when we had a champagne toast to greet the new year. Most people then left to go home but a few friends did opt to sleep over after the party ended. It 's spring time so I decided to plant a tree . I purchased a small orange tree to go in the back yard . First I dug a hole where I wanted the tree . Then I shook the roots of the tree to loosen them . Then I placed the tree in the hole . I used a shovel to replace the dirt back over the tree roots . Once satisfied the tree was firmly in the ground i dragged over the hose . New trees needs lots of water . I watered the tree until I was satisfied and then put mulch around the base . I also attached ropes to secure the young tree so it would n't fall over while it 's roots were still settling in . I also had a canal funnel installed to make sure water went right into the roots where it was needed most . Once all was said and done I stepped back to admire my handy work . Last week I took a birthday trip with my friends.  We were headed to Florida for a long weekend of celebration and beach time.  I woke up early for my flight and quickly checked my email.  Unfortunately I had an email from the airlines telling me that my original flight was canceled but that I had been placed on a flight an hour earlier!  Having this new flight meant I had to leave immediately for the airport.  I quickly called a taxi cab and ran outside to wait for it.  My taxi was delayed but it pulled up about 15 minutes later and I jumped into the back.  I explained my situation to the taxi driver and he did his best to bring me to the airport as quickly as possible.  We arrived at the airport and I used the machine in the back to pay my fare by credit card.  I retrieved my luggage fro the back of the taxi and I was on time for my flight to Florida. This morning I decided to make my bed after walking up. I first removed all of the sheets, blankets, and pillows from the mattress (except for the fitted sheet). I picked up the flat sheet first and spread it on top of the mattress. I pulled it all the way up to the top of the mattress, and then folded it down about a foot and a half. I also tucked it in underneath the mattress. Once the sheet was even on both sides and smooth, I spread out my blanket on top of it. I again made sure that it was even on both sides. I also placed the two large pillows on the top of the mattress at the head of the bed. Lastly, I covered the entire bed and pillows with a large handmade quilt that my grandmother made. I topped the quilt with matching decorative pillows placed on top of the large pillows already at the head of the bed. I needed a bath . I turned on the cold and hot taps to let the bathtub fill with warm water . Then I got a towel and draped it over the curtain rod . I took off my clothes and grabbed my favorite rubber ducky from a shelf . I dropped him into the tub . If I needed a bath , so did he . I also poured some bubble bath into the tub as it was filling with water . It foamed up into lots of bubbles . When the tub was full enough , I turned off the water and got into the tub , being careful not to slip on the slippery porcelain . I lay back in the warm water and shut my eyes , relaxing . When the water started to get cold , I stood up and grabbed the towel from the curtain rod . I draped it around myself and then opened the tub 's drain so the water could drain out . I went off to get dressed , and when I was done I went back to the bathroom and turned the shower on for a minute so the bubbles would all go down the drain . I picked up my rubber ducky and gave him a squeeze until he quacked . Then I put him on the shelf until next time .  I have just moved into a new house, and the walls are white. I think that I would like some more color in my house, so I decided to paint the walls. I look at lots of different colors I think I would like, and pick out one that looks good. I think about what type of paint I would like too. Some paints are easy to use, but more expensive. Some paints need an extra coat to help cover the whole wall, and can be more work. I go to the store and pick out a good kind of paint in the color I want. This kind of paint is thick and only needs one coat, so it is easy to use. I come home and lay down blankets in front of the walls I want to paint. The blankets will catch any drops that fall off the brush while I paint, so the floor does not get messy. I dip the brush into the paint and paint the walls, making sure I cover all the white spots. After the walls are covered in the new color, I wait for the paint to dry. Now that the paint is dry, I can touch the walls again and they look nicer. I like to keep my pets in the house a lot of the time. It's good to keep them out of the sun and let them spend time around the family. One of the biggest problems, though, is that they often shed hair. Just this past weekend, one of my dogs shed a lot of hair on the carpet that needed to be vacuumed. Since it's pet hair, though, it takes a few extra steps to clean the carpet. The first thing I did was use a special pet hair brush across the carpet to catch as much loose hair as possible. I put the loose hair into a garbage bag, and threw it away. Then, I plugged in my vacuum and went over the entire carpet. After the first round, I went over the carpet again with the brush just in case there was any hair left behind. Finally, I vacuumed the carpet a second time to clean up as much pet hair, dirt, and trash as possible. I was sitting in my living room on the couch when the phone rang. It was loud and had a ringing sound that could be heard everywhere in the house. I thought about who could be calling since it was late at night. I did not know many people, and worried that someone had the wrong number. I let the phone ring for a little while thinking about who it could be, and decided to answer it. I went over to the phone and picked it up. I held the phone against my ear and said hello. The person on the other side of the phone said hello also. I did not recognize who the voice belonged to, so I asked who it was. They said they were a salesman and wanted to ask me if I would like to buy something. I did not have much money, so I told them I was not interested, and they hung up. Before I left to take my trip to the grocery store, I decided to make a shopping list so that I knew exactly what I needed to get and did not forget anything. First, I went to the freezer to see what was inside in terms of meats. When I saw that there weren't any more chicken wings or ground beef, I added them to my list. I also considered the meals that I would want to prepare in the upcoming days, and made a notation of the main ingredients I needed for those entres that I did not have. I then opened the refrigerator, taking note that there was not any orange juice or milk left, and that the eggs would be empty soon. I completed my list by writing down the vegetables, fruits, beverages and condiments that I saw that were either gone or near empty. Finally, I took note of the vegetables and other canned goods that were in my cabinets, looking to see if I had all of the ingredients needed to make my favorite dishes such as spaghetti, tacos and casseroles. Once I felt my list was complete with all of the necessities, I then filled in the blanks with things that I just simply had a taste for, such as pretzels, popcorn, granola bars and other foods that I were craving for. Now that my shopping list was complete, I read it over for a final time to make sure there was nothing that I was forgetting once I was satisfied with my list, I placed it in my purse so that it will be ready for my trip to the grocery store. Monday is the family laundry day where all the clothes are washed, dried and ironed.  After picking up all of the clothes in the house, we separate the light clothes from the dark clothes. Making various piles of clothes that can fit into the washer and making sure there is enough wash soap we began. Putting the clothes in the washer properly, then its time to measure out the wash soap and fabric softener. The smell of the fabric softener is wonderful. Once the clothes are dried its time to find the iron and ironing board. Turning the iron on to the correct setting I pick up the pair of pants to iron. Making sure that they are turned outwards, the iron presses a steamy crease down the center of the pants.  Have to be careful and not get burned while ironing laundry which can be painful and I have done many times.  The iron light comes on that it needs more water for steaming. So I set off to get a cup of water for more ironing to get done. I wanted to write my friend and tell them about what happened to me this year. I found a piece of paper, a pen, an envelope, and a postage stamp. I placed them on my desk and I sat down at my desk in my chair and wrote a letter to my friend. When I had finished writing my letter, I took the envelope and wrote my friend's address on the front of it in the center. Then, I wrote my address in the upper left hand corner of the envelope. I took one of the postage stamps and I put it on the envelope in the upper right hand corner. Then, I carefully folded up my letter so that it would fit into the envelope, and then placed it inside the envelope. I sealed the envelope closed. I walked up to the mailbox, and I placed it inside so that the postal service worker could find it, and deliver it to my friend's house. A button had fallen off of my shirt.  It had been loose for a while.  The one thread that had held the button had finally given way.  I found the button on the floor and put in into my pocket.  I got some thread and a needle out of the cabinet.  I sat down and placed the button on the shirt and put the thread through the needle.  I took the thread and tied it up around the needle.  I slowly passed the needle with the thread through the button holes and then passed it through the shirt securing the button to the shirt.  After I was finished, I knotted off the thread, and I cut it.  I wound the rest of the thread back on the spool of thread.  I took the thread and needle and put them back into the cabinet.  I was finally able to wear my shirt again. One of my family's favorite activities is going shopping, especially since there are so many shopping centers in the area where we live. We visited one just this past weekend. We made sure to dress up nicely, since we were going to be in a public place and didn't want to look badly dressed. One we got there, we did a number of different things. The first thing we did was take my younger brother for a haircut. While he was getting that done, my parents and I went to the food court just across the floor from the barber shop to order some lunch. We saved a plate for my brother for when he was done with his haircut. After he got out and ate, we went around the place and visited different stores. We visited a pet adoption place just to see the dogs that were there. We also visited a sports store, since my brother and dad are big sports fans. My mom went and visited several women's stores to look for things like clothes and makeup. Once we were done, we left and came back home. I had a button pop off of my favorite blue shirt last week.  I wouldn't be able to wear it with a button missing; it would look rather silly.  Luckily, the shirt had some extra buttons sewed on the inside.  I carefully cut the thread holding on one of these buttons using a pair of scissors.  I took the button and put it on a sheet of white paper so it would stand out and I wouldn't lose it.  Then I took a needle and thread.  I guided the thread through the eye of the needle.  Once it was through, I put the button against my shirt and went in and out with the needle and thread, alternating which hole I was piercing.  I did this many many times, until I was confident the button would be on snugly.  Then I tied off the thread with a stout knot to keep it in place, and cut away the extra thread.  My shirt was ready to wear again. Dana wanted to make some fresh orange juice to go with her very nutritious breakfast. So Dana went outside to her wonderful garden and she picked some oranges from the ground. Dana went back inside to her house and rinsed off the oranges with cold water. After that, she dug out her orange juicer and she started to juice the oranges one by one, soon she will have her oranges all juiced and in a glass for her to drink. Dana squeezed and squeezed and squeezed until her glass was full of orange juice. she didn't need to juice anymore oranges. Dana was very happy at what she had done, she felt very accomplished. Dana sat down to her nice breakfast and drank her fresh orange juice. and then she went to Walmart to buy some orange juice because that process was too long and tiring. I began by finding the culprit of my flat tire , it was a nail on the side of the road . Unfortunately I did not have a spare tire so I had to carry my bike the rest of the way home . After the gruesome trek back to my house I flipped the bicycle upside down and began my repair . First I took off the outer tire to replace my tube with a better more expensive tube that has the ability to fix a puncture . I do not want to experience carrying my bike a mile ever again . After putting the new tube on I screw back on the tire and put the outer tire over the tube . I then fill the PSI to 170 in my tire and listen for any leaking air . Then I spin the tire to make all the slime inside become evenly distributed throughout . This will prevent leaks in the future and even with a slight leak I will still be able to ride back home and fix the tire quickly yet again . There are many ways to travel. One of my favorites is taking the underground. I make my way out of the bookstore I've just gone to. It's not dark out yet. The streets are still busy. I wander through the crowds until I find a staircase leading down to the underground. I go down the stairs. There are even more people here than there were on the streets above. I find the ticket booth. There are a few people in front of me, so I let them go first. After a few minutes pass, I get my day ticket. Then I look for the line I need to be in. It's easy to find when you follow the signs. Then I wait for the tube. It doesn't take that long to arrive. As soon as the doors open, I'm inside. Now all I have to do is wait until I reach where I need to go. Last year I had to go to my native place in India . While I was there , I thought of meeting one of my friends in Chennai . Chennai is 800 kms far away from my place and it takes about 15 hours if I drive . I decided to take train . I went online and booked tickets . The economy tickets were sold out so I had to book the expensive one . On the day of the travel , I arrived at the train station almost an hour before the actual departure time . Since it was a first class ticket , I could take more than enough luggage with me . After 15 minutes in to the journey , the ticket collector came by and checked my tickets . It was early in the morning and I was in a window seat . So I could watch all the scenery . Another good thing about the train is that once in a while I could get up and walk a stretch . Also , when I 'm hungry , I could get down at the station and buy any food as the train stops at the station for 10-15 minutes . Overall it was a wonderful experience .  I had always wanted to have nice hardwood floors in my house and I finally decided to make the change. I started by heading to my local hardware store to get all the supplies I would need. I looked at all the different options they had for the type of wood that would be the best form me; after I made my choice and got my other tools, I placed my order and headed home to get started. I started by ripping up the carpet and pulling up the old floor to make way for the new one I had picked out. My shipment finally came in and I couldn't wait to get started. I cut open the pallet and started at the far corner; I made sure to make the planks level before I nailed them into place. After a few hours of hard work I had the floor I always wanted. We recently decided to renovate our outdated kitchen. We started by gutting the kitchen and removing everything, including cabinets and appliances. We picked out new cabinets, flooring, counters, and appliances at a few local stores and had them delivered to our house. We redid the floors by removing the existing tiles and laying down hardwood flooring. We repainted the walls a pretty light color and installed the new modern cabinets. We had a professional install the counter tops and appliances. We applied a new tile back splash behind the counters and changed out the sink fixtures to a more modern looking stainless steel. We also put new knobs and handles on the cabinets that matched the stainless steel fixtures. We installed new modern pendant lights. We then changed up the decorations. We loved a french farmhouse style, so we decided to put pretty distressed paintings on the walls and fresh flowers on the counters. Bella is a little girl, only  three years old.  She loves to answer the front door for her mommy.  The reason she loves it so much, is because she is always trying to run and push the doorbell. She likes to hear the doorbell ring through the house. It makes her laugh a lot!  So, one day the post man had a package for her mom, and he rang the doorbell while they were home.  When   Bella heard it, she jumped up from where she was sitting, and ran to the door as fast as she could. She was trying to beat her mother there to the front door, and she did! Little Bella pulled open the door, and peeped outside , her little curls all around her face.  "Yes, who is it?"  said Bella.  "I am the postman, where is your mom?"  And then Bella's mother came to the front door. She accepted the package, and Bella rang the doorbell again after he left. "Bella, stop that!"  Bella smiled and ran away down the hall. We decided to have a barbecue to celebrate summer. First, we looked at our schedule and decided the best day to have a barbecue. We decided on the first Saturday in June.  Then we talked about who we wanted to invite. Together we decided on about 30 people we would invite, including friends, family, co-workers and their families.  We got in touch with them via text, phone and Facebook to let them know about the barbecue and see if they would be able to come. A few people had schedule conflicts but most were free and said that they looked forward to having a cook out. A few days before the barbecue we decided on what we would serve. A few of the guests had offered to bring chips, salads and beers but we provided most of the food so we made a shopping list of the items we needed. We bought soda, corn on the cob, burgers, buns, chicken, salmon, and ingredients for salad. The day before the barbecue we prepared the salads so they would be ready ahead of time.  On the day of the barbecue we set up the yard to be ready for our guests. I grilled the meats and corn as everyone mingled and chatted. The weather was great and we all enjoyed the food and had a great time. I have a dog,  My dog needs to go outside for exercise and to go to the bathroom.  I get my dogs leash, and I call my dog.  I put the leash on my dog's collar.  You should never walk a dog without a leash, especially in the city.  My dog jumps up and down by the door because she is really excited.  My dog and I go out the door and I lock it behind us.  We go down the steps of our apartment and out into the street.  My dog stays close by my side, but sniffs everything around her.  She smells the street and the grass and the air.  She is very happy to be walking outside.  She will first stop to use the bathroom, and I will be sure to clean up after her with a paper towel, and throw it in the nearest garbage.  Then we will keep walking. I will make sure that she is friendly to people, but if people are scared because she is big, I will keep her near me.  After a little while we turn back to go home.  We walk back to our house, climb the stairs, and open the door.  When we are inside I take off her leash.  She goes to drink water and then takes a nap. Susan was feeling like she could use a trip to the sauna. She wanted to use that time to think about her life decisions and regret every single one of them. Susan got on her car and got ready to leave, she started the car and drove away from her home. When Susan got to the sauna, she opened the door and then turned up the heat and started to sweat. It felt really nice Susan felt like she was really relaxing for the first time in a while. June walked into the sauna, June was Susan's best friend. Susan exclaimed, "June I was not expecting you, what a nice surprise!' June said the same thing. Susan and June sat together and gossiped about their lives and other people that they did not like. It was time for Susan to go home and get on with her life so she did. Susan said goodbye to June and got to her car and drove home. Upon walking by the fish tank, I realized that I has forgotten to feed the fish for a few days. I try to remember as much as possible, but fish don't make any noise, and sometimes I forget that they are even there. I know that my children would be so upset if I forgot to feed the fish and they died. My son won these fish at a carnival playing the game in which you knock over the milk jugs with a ball. It took him over ten tries to win these fish; therefore, he would be devastated if anything happened to these fish due to all of his hard work. I felt guilty as I gently tapped the bottle of fish food and the food flaked fluttered into the tank. I gave them an extra helping of food to compensate for my forgetfulness, and I also quietly apologized to the fish for neglecting them. Thankfully, they will live to see another day. Barry's house was being broken into, he had no choice but to call 911. So he grabbed the phone from the table, but the criminal had cut the phone line. Barry was very scared and upset so he very quietly grabbed his cell phone and dialed the police. the operator picked up and in a calm and controlled voiced she said, "911, whats your emergency?" Barry replied,"Someone is in my house." They continued the conversation until the police showed up at Barry's door. The officers searched and searched for the robber for a few hours. Finally they found him and arrested him. Unfortunately, the robber stole quite a bit from Barry. The next day Barry called his insurance company and asked them to replace his things. The insurance company did what Barry asked and the issue was solved in a matter of days, as for the robber he had gone to jail and never to be seen again. My brother and I renovated a room last weekend.  We first began by taking out all the furniture in the room.  Then, we rolled up the carpets, and put them in the side room.  We wanted to paint the walls, so we dropped a drop cloth down to cover the floor.  Once the walls were painted, we then waited for them to dry, and started to put the furniture back.  But this time, the furniture we moved to different spots, to redecorate. We made sure that the table was near the window, so that we could see the sun set in the evenings from there.  We put the carpets back on the floors again, and vacuumed them and cleaned them. The last thing we did was to make sure that the plants and flowers we had bought were in pretty spots around the room.  We wanted it to look fresh and clean. After going to the gym , I knew I needed to take a bath . I went to the bathroom and turned the faucet on in the tub while plugging the drain to fill it . When the water was at a good level I shut the water off . I took off all my dirty gym clothes . I then made sure the temperature of the water was nice and warm before I slowly got inside . I soaked in the water for a little while before I grabbed a bar of soap and scrubbed and cleaned my body with it . I also used some shampoo to clean my hair . After dipping into the water to rinse all the shampoo and soap off my body , I unplugged the drain and emptied the water from the tub . I got out and dried myself with a towel . It sure made me feel a lot better to be clean after a workout .  My family told me that they wanted to go on a special holiday trip this winter.  I asked my children where they wanted to go.  They told me that they wanted to go on a ski trip at Lake Tahoe. I liked this idea and so did my husband.  After deciding what we wanted to do and at what location, I had to call the ski resort and make reservations for four people.  The operator asked me when we would be coming and if we wanted a special holiday package.  The package includes a 2 bedroom cabin, daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  As well as ski rentals and ski lifts to the slopes.  I told the operator that we would be coming in one month from today and that I wanted to buy the holiday package. She took down my name, address, and payment information. I then thanked her for her time and said goodbye.  I told my family that I had made all the reservations for our holiday trip.  We all sat around our table and talked about how excited we are about our upcoming vacation. This morning I got in my car to go to my job. I looked at my car's dashboard. I looked at the fuel gauge. It said that I needed gas.  The red dial was near E which means empty.  I drove to the nearest gas station and pulled up to the gas pump. My gas tank is on the right side of the car so I made sure that it was near the pump.  I pulled the lever that opens up my gas tank door.  I swiped my credit card and selected Regular gas.  I lifted the nozzle and carefully inserted it into my tank.  I squeezed the valve and waited for the tank to fill. After my tank was full I carefully replaced the nozzle and put the cap back on my tank.  I pressed -YES- to receive a receipt of my purchase. I keep records of my car's gas use with my maintenance records.  This helps me to know how well my car is working. Today I decided to put new flooring in my bedroom. I had already taken out my old flooring and was just left with a plain, ugly wood floor, called a sub-floor. I cleaned and swept my sub floor and laid down a thin layer of padding that goes underneath your flooring. I had a package of wooden floorboards that I bought at a construction store. I opened up the package and took out my long floorboards. These floorboards fit together with each other, just like a puzzle. I started on one side of my room and laid the floorboards together, fitting each new piece to the previous piece I had just put down. Sometimes I had to use my hand or a rubber mallet to bang the floorboards together, because it was such a tight fit. I repeated the process until the entire floor of my room was covered in the new wooden floor. I went to the doctors office and checked in at the front desk. I sat down after checking in and waited for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes a nurse came through the door in from of me and called my name indicating me to come back with him. The nurse led me to an exam room and sat down to take my blood pressure, pulse and temperature. After taking my vitals the nurse told me the doctor would be in to see me in a few minutes. After about 9 minutes the doctor came in and talked with me for awhile listened to my heart and lungs and made some notes about the visit. They asked me what the reason for my visit was, and I told them a routine check up. The doctor asked me about my vision, digestion, and overall health. I told them I was fine and did not notice anything our of the ordinary. The Doctor said my heart sounded good and my lungs were clear. The doctor then asked if I wanted any prescriptions for sleep and I said no. The doctor then left and I left the exam room afterward. I had to make a salad for a picnic that my wife and my family were going to have.  I went into the kitchen and got out a clean cutting board and put it on the counter.  After that, I picked out a knife that would be good for cutting a lot of vegetables.  I went into the fridge and got out the carrots, peppers, avocado, and lettuce that I would need to cut for the salad.  I placed the lettuce on the cutting board and started to chop it up.  I put the finished pieces in a bowl that we would be taking over to the park.  I used the knife to cut the peppers and the carrots, too.  The small pieces were put into the bowl, too, so that we could have them in the salad, as well.  I then put the cutting board and knife in the sink to clean. I decided that a room in my house should have a different color on its walls, so I put new wallpaper on my bedroom walls. To do this, first my three kids and I got in our car and drove to our local home improvements shop, and picked out our new wallpaper. It was fun looking at all the different kinds of wallpaper, and after 10 minutes, we picked out our favorite color and design. We also got tools and supplies from the home improvement shop that we would need to apply the wallpaper. We paid for the wall paper and supplies at the checkout counter before we left the store, then we drove home. We chose a bright and happy color, with a self sticking back so that we didn't have to use any messy glue to apply it. First we moved some furniture away from the walls, and cleaned the walls with a wet rag, wiping down any dust. We then applied the wallpaper sheet by sheet, by pulling off the paper backing and pressing the sticky wallpaper onto the wall, making it as neat and straight as possible. It was a long job, and took two days to complete, but we took many breaks in between. We then cleaned up the wallpapering supplies, and left over pieces of wallpaper from some of the strips which we had to cut, and  we vacuumed the room so it would be very clean. We then moved all the furniture back into place. We took a good look at our work, and we really like our bright, and happy and freshly wallpapered room. We had decided to stay in to prepare something simple for dinner tonight. We had plenty of pasta and spaghetti sauce in the pantry, so this was an obvious choice. We started with the angel hair pasta, since we had several packages of this variety. We started it in a large pot, as we had planned on serving several people this evening. Following the short cooking time, we set the pasta aside to drain. Since we had wanted to spice things up a little beyond the standard pasta dish, we decided that we would add in the pine tree nuts that we had purchased at the local farmers market earlier in the year. I had this very dish at an Italian restaurant one time, and was impressed with the added flavors that the pine nuts had produced. Dinner was quite a success, and the guests all complimented the chef for such a delightful meal. When the garbage can is full it is time to empty it. You first take the top off of the garbage can. Pull the strings of the garbage bag making sure everything inside the bag is pushed down enough. Then make sure the bag is closed. Pull the bag out of the garbage can and put it outside to be put to the road for the garbage man. Once back inside, take a garbage bag out from the cabinet. Open the bag, then placing it inside the garbage can. Before folding the top over the can, make sure all the air is out from between the bag and the can. Then fold the bag over the top. After that is done replace the top of the garbage can back on it. Once this is completed you are ready to start putting more garbage in your new bag. Continue to put garbage in it until it is full again. Everyone had just finished eating a delicious Thanksgiving dinner together as a family. After everyone left the table, my sister and I picked up all the plates and silverware and took them into the kitchen for washing. We worked together to gather all the glasses and put them into the dishwasher. I removed the salt and pepper shakers and put them away while my sister put the butter back into the refrigerator. My sister cleared the tablecloth of crumbs, took it off the table and set it aside to be washed. The remaining food crumbs were cleared from the table. I sprayed the table with kitchen cleaner and wiped it down with a clean kitchen towel. Together, my sister and I pushed all the chairs back in under the table. Now our table was clean and ready for its next task, the setting of the family UNO game. Thanksgiving dinner was a success. With a family of five it seemed like all we ever did was go to the supermarket . Walmart and I built a strong personal relationship . Not only did they have household items and clothes that I loved , they had food . Every week I spend an hour online printing and sorting my coupons . It is always to good to grab extra deals even if it is just cents off . After compiling my coupons I make my shopping list and break it down to aisles . It 's so amazing that I have been to Walmart so many times that I remember their aisles . When I arrive in the food section I start with the middle aisles first and then I work my way around , getting milk last . Sometimes I have to buy so many things that I leave with two or three carts . Grocery shopping is beyond a tedious task that I hate to love .  When I was feeling hungry last night I decided to make myself some soup. I started by picking out which soup I wanted to eat. I also needed to take out a pot to cook my soup in. After I picked out my can of soup and got my pot out of the cupboard, I needed to get out my can opener so that I could open up the can. I carefully opened up the can to make sure I didn't cut my finger on it. Then I poured the soup from the can into the cooking pot and threw away the can. Once I had the soup in the pot, I set it on the stove and turned it on. After the stove heated up, I waited for the soup to get hot then turned off the stove and let the pot of soup cool down. Then I got a bowl from my cabinet and a large spoon and filled my bowl with soup and then I was ready to eat! I do not like gas stoves. They scare me because of the though of carbon monoxide poisoning. On a gas stove also I find it hard to find the right heat to put it on. But I try my best. I turn the stove on to a medium low heat and find a pot in the cabinet. Once I find the pot I put it on the burner that I turned on. I take the food out of the refrigerator that we cooked last night. I end up putting all the left overs in the pot to warm up for my entire family. I watch the food very closely because like I said before, I don't like cooking on a gas stove. I want to make sure the food doesn't burn. I keep stirring the food to make sure it doesn't stick to the pot. Once I think the food is warm I take it out of the pot and put it in plates to serve to my family! Every week one must do laundry. It is important to do it to keep your clothes clean so that you do not smell. Doing laundry is pretty simple. I had to just do laundry in fact! I had to go to the washing machine, put the necessary settings on the washing machine, and wait until it was finish washing. It was a boring wait, but I had to wait so that I could put them in the dryer to of course wait some more. This is the easiest way to do it though, I could have hand washed them and hung them up to dry but I bet that takes even longer. It's a pretty boring chore, but one that is necessary. Who wants to be dressed in dirty clothes after all? Anyways, when I was done doing my laundry I went back to my day, happy to have finished a chore! As I was driving home last night the car in front of me was weaving all over the road. I wasn't sure if they were having a medical emergency or if they were intoxicated or texting and not paying attention so I was scared to try to intervene. I flashed my lights at them hoping to get their attention. They were still driving erratically so I carefully called 911. The operator asked my emergency and I explained that the car in front of me was weaving all over the road. The operator asked where I was and I explained the last exit that I passed and the mile marker at that time. I told her I was headed north and still following the car. The operator said that a cop was very close to me and would be there very soon and asked me to stay on the line until I saw the cop. I saw flashing lights in my mirror and slowed down a bit as the cop passed me. The car stopped weaving and began slowing down. I told the operator and asked if I should stop to talk with the cop, the operator told me that it wasn't necessary since the cop was there but asked for my number in case they had any questions as follow up. Every morning I take a bath . Before I get into the bath tub , I turn on the water . I adjust the cold and the hot water to make a bearable temperature . I adjust the water before entering the tub so I wo n't burn or freeze myself . After the water is just right , I take off all my clothes and enter the tub . I pour water on my body then I lather up with either soap or shower gel . Once I have soap all over my body , I take my loofah sponge and pour soap on that as well . I , then , begin to scrub my body as firm but gently as I can . I do this to ensure that all the dirt washes off my skin . While I am scrubbing my body , I like to sing in the shower . After I scrub really good and finish singing , I pour water continuously on my body until all the soap washes off . I stay in the shower for about twenty minutes until I feel clean .  I usually wash the dishes once a day.  Washing dishes is important, because I only have a certain number of plates and bowls and pots and pans in my cabinets.  If I do not wash them, I don't have anything to cook or eat on.  I washed my dishes last night after I finished with dinner.  I had made spaghetti, so I had several things to clean.  I rinsed out my bowl and lightly scrubbed it with a sponge before putting it in the dishwasher.  I did the same thing with my glass, my utensils, and a plate from lunch that had been left in the sink.  I also had a big pot for pasta, a cutting board where I chopped onions, and a saucepan for making the spaghetti sauce.  They were too big to fit in the dishwasher, so I had to scrub them with a brush and dish soap very thoroughly.  Then I rinsed them out with water and put them on a rack. Yesterday, My husband and I decided to make scrambled eggs as part of our breakfast. We first got out our skillet and placed it on the burner. We got the eggs out of the fridge and cracked four into a small bowl. We threw away the empty shells and washed our hands. I stirred the eggs with fork to mix them together and scramble them. Once the skillet was hot, my husband poured the egg mixture into it, making sure to move the liquid around with a spatula as it heated. After just a few minutes on low heat, the eggs started to solidify and cook. While he did this, I put our dirty dishes into the sink to be washed later. Once the eggs were completely solid and cooked, my husband turned the burner off and scooped out the eggs onto our breakfast plates, along with our bacon and toast slices. When you wake up in the morning, sometimes you need some help. That's with an alarm clock. Now that may not feel important to you but rather it is when you are a grown up to go to work. Sometimes these things run on batteries and those stop working and you need to change them out. How to do that is to find the back of the clock. This has a little flap with a screw on the back. You get  a screw driver and take the screw out. Once you take that out, you would take the little flappy thing out. There you should see the batteries! You'll take those old batteries out and put the new ones in exactly how the old ones looked like. If you don't, it might not work right. Then you go and put the little flappy thing back in and screw the flappy back in and it should work! My friends and I decided to take a camping trip, so we looked on the calendar to pick an upcoming weekend that worked well for all of us. Once we had decided on a date, we made a list of all the supplies we would need. We included tents, sleeping bags and pillows, blankets, lanterns, flashlights, bug spray, food and drinks, games to play, a portable radio, changes of clothes, swimsuits, fishing equipment, and dog food (because we would be bringing one of our friend's dogs with us). We gathered all of the supplies together and stored them in a friend's garage while awaiting the big weekend. In the meantime, we looked online to confirm the campground we were planning on going to was open and had available space. Everything was confirmed and finally the day of departure arrived. We left for the campground early in the morning so that we could have as much time camping as possible. We arrived at the campgrounds and had a great time all weekend, enjoying each other's company and the great outdoors. I was browsing the web and saw an advertisement for a pink dress that I thought looked very pretty and flattering. It was perfect for an upcoming party that I would be attending. After much deliberation, including reading several reviews, and price checking on other sites, I decided the purchase the item. I added it to my shopping cart online and clicked the button to check out. I was then prompted to enter several pieces of information. First I entered by contact information and address for shipping, making sure to double check that I entered it correctly. I then entered by billing information by typing my credit card number. Once the information was confirmed on the website, I was prompted to look over my information again before for submitting all of the information. I was emailed a receipt of the purchase and was given information about when my order would ship. I was very excited and happy about my purchase. I was really hungry and decided to make some soup.  I had to decide what kind to make, so I looked online to find a soup that I had all of the ingredients to make.  I found that there was a taco soup that I could make with a bunch of cans of food.  I got out a slow cooking machine and plugged it in.  I turned it on and set it to cook at a really low temperature.  I got out all of the ingredients that were listed in the recipe and opened the cans to get the food out.  Once the cans were open, I poured all of the ingredients into the slow cooking machine and added some beef broth to make sure that it would be a nice, tasty soup.  After I set it to cook for a few hours, it was ready to eat and we poured it out. This morning was unusually cool, so I decided to take a stroll around my neighborhood. I never know what I might see, so I grabbed my camera. As I was walking, I noticed a beautiful purple and pink butterfly flitting and flying around my neighbor's flowers in her garden. I approached carefully and quietly, but the butterfly would not stay still. I stood and watched the butterfly, as I took my camera out of the case. I set the settings where I could get details of the butterfly, if it allowed me to get close enough. Finally, the butterfly seemed to get used to my presence and started to fly a little slower. It settled on the petals of a white flower with a pink center. I raised my camera and looked at the screen. I got a little closer and then zoomed the camera a little more. Snap! I took the photo of the sweet little butterfly. I think he posed for that photo, as it was perfectly beautiful. I was glad I brought my camera. While I was watching videos on my computer, my cell phone began to buzz multiple times. I realized I had an incoming call from my mother. I had not spoken to her in a while, however, I enjoyed talking with her. I answered the phone with a cheery greeting. We talked for over an hour. Together we discussed how work was going for both of us, and how my father had been since we talked last. As we shared many laughs, we also talked about important things that had happened since we had seen each other last. We both enjoyed our talk. After noticing it had been a long while, I told her I needed to get ready to make dinner. We hung up after saying our goodbyes and "I love you's." After hanging up the phone, I noticed my phone needed to be charged, so I plugged it into the charger. Each morning when I wake up, after dressing one of the first tasks I do is make my bed.  First I remove the pillows and blankets.  I straighten the fitted sheet which fits around the mattress.  Next, I arrange the flat sheet removing all wrinkles and folds, and tuck the loose edges under the mattress.  Next I place the pillow or pillows under the top of the flat sheet.  Next I neatly place the blankets on the bed so they are straight and flat.  With that done, I put the comforter on top of the bed  with the top folded back so the pillows are visible.  If it is wash day, I remove all the pillow covers, blankets and sheets and place them in the laundry.  Then I get new clean pillow cases, sheets and blankets from the linen closet.  I first pit the new pillow cases on the pillows and then follow the procedure described above. I had to drive to the post office today to pick up a package that was too large to deliver. I first picked up my purse and car keys and walked outside to where my car was parked. Using the key, I unlocked the driver's side door and sat in the seat. I put my purse on the seat beside me and put the key into the ignition slot on the right side of my steering wheel. I then turned the key back and held it in this position until the car engine started. I then put on and buckled my seatbelt, put my foot on the break, and moved the gear shift to the R, for reverse. I looked into my rearview and side mirrors to make sure that there was no one behind me before backing out. I slowly took my foot off the break and carefully maneuvered out of the driveway using my steering wheel. I then moved the gear shift to D for drive, and released my foot from the break to drive to my destination. I find a non BPA bottle in the cupboard, and fill it to the 6oz line and toss it in the microwave for a bout two minutes. While the water heats up I, search for a cover and a matching nipple. I also get the formula can and measuring scoop out of the food cupboard. I add one scoop of formula for every two ounces of water and shake it really well with my finger over the nipple opening. I drip a few drops on my wrist to make sure it's not too hot, or too cold. If it's just right I set it on the table and pick up my son. Holding him so that his head is cradled in the crease of my left elbow I gently touch his upper lip with the nipple so he opens his mouth. I put the nipple in his mouth and support his head. I burp him every ounce or two by resting his head against my shoulder and patting his back firmly but gently. I received a beautiful painting as a birthday gift. I decided I wanted to put the painting up in my living room, so I could enjoy it, and it could be seen by anyone who comes to visit me. I measured the painting, then I measured the size of the wall I wanted to put the painting on. Then I measured the area on the wall I wanted to hang the painting on. I put tiny pencil marks on the wall to show me where the painting would be hung. Then I made another small pencil mark to show me where to put a nail in the wall to hang the painting from. I selected a nail and carefully hammered it into the wall. Then I hung the painting on the nail. I adjusted the painting and used a tool called a level to make sure the painting was not crooked on the wall. I'm very happy with how my painting looks on the wall. I have a play room in my house for my little boy. It is the first room you see when you walk in the house. This makes my house very welcoming and fun for children who visit. It also makes it a very messy entrance. I needed to clean up the toys in the playroom. They key to picking up the toys is that everything needs to have a place. I got several bookshelves. On the bookshelves, I put square bins. Each bin would be to hold a different item. All of the toy cars and trucks go in one, all of the art supplies go in one, all of the lego go in one. I also got an organizer that uses drawers. I put all of the plastic animals, men, and figures in those drawers. I put all of the video games in a bin under the TV. After everything had a place, it became easy to keep the toys cleaned up. I went down to the pantry  to do the laundry so I would have one thing of my list of jobs to do around the house done.First I checked to see if there was enough clothes to do the laundry.Then I started up the washing machine while I was waiting for the washing machine to stop. I went up stairs to get a snack . After it stopped I took the laundry out and put it in the dryer while I was waiting again for the dryer to stop I helped my daughters with their homework. Finally I took the laundry out and folded it and put it in each of our closets. I swept a drop of sweat of my forehead. At last I was done with the laundry. But I had so much fun doing it.now I must get to my other jobs around the house My friend Jack and I went on a camping trip last week.  We made sure we brought some fire logs, because we wanted to start a bonfire at night.  As the sun was setting, we made sure that we started by collecting the wood together, and putting it on the fireplace outside at the campsite .  We then took some kindling wood, little strips of wood, and put them in between the logs. These would help the logs to burn well.  We also put some paper in between the logs, so that it would catch fire too.  Once we lit the match, we put it to the paper and let it catch fire.  The first papers started to burn bright, and the kindling wood also started to burn.  It caught the logs on fire too. We made a big bonfire, but we were careful to be safe too.  It was beautiful! I spray some Pam into a frying pan. I chop up small pieces of ham and put them into the frying pan. I turn the stove on low heat. I crack two eggs into a bowl. I add a little bit of water and whisk the eggs until they are completely mixed up. I pour the egg mixture into the pan. I turn the heat up to medium. I put a lid on top of the pan and continue to cook the mixture. After a few minutes, I check to see if all the liquid on top of the egg has cooked so it isn't runny anymore. If it is completely cooked, I  add a little bit of shredded cheese on top of the egg mixture. I cook for a few minutes until the cheese melts. I get a spatula and flip half of the egg on top of the other half. Then my omelet is cooked! My friends and I decided to go out dancing one Friday night. We looked up some different clubs and found one that we wanted to go to. We all got together before hand and got ready in fun party clothes and drove in one car. We got directions ahead of time and found out where to park. We parked the car and went to the door of the club. We paid our fee and were let right in. The music was so loud and the bar was busy. We decided to get some drinks and find a table before hitting the dance floor. Once we finished our first drinks we decided to have some fun and bust a move on the floor. Our favorite jam came on and we all busted a move. It was lots of fun. After a few songs we got more drinks. Then danced until closing time. I love going dancing with my friends. My best friend Shelley and I decided to go shopping. We both needed new clothes for work. We decided to go to the outlet malls just outside of town because they have better deals on clothing. We drove there on a Saturday and parked in the very back of the packed parking lot. Then we started wandering in and out of our favorite stores. Shelley is better at picking out clothes than me. She helps me find things in my size in style while also finding fun things for herself. We both try on clothes and then show them to each other to see if they look good. It's important to have a friend who you trust to tell you if clothes look good on you or not. When we find the right clothes for the price we take them to the register and buy them. Shelley always uses a card. I like to pay in cash. Then we are done and leave for the day. Today I decided to visit the sauna. The sauna that is closest to my home is in a building that has also has a gym. I looked up the phone number to call about reserving the sauna. Once I had a time set for the day, I got in my car and headed to the gym. I had to check in with the front desk before I could enter the sauna area. They told me I needed to shower before I entered. The gave me two bottles of water, to make sure I did not get dehydrated in the sauna. Once I entered the room, it was very steamy and very warm. I made sure to keep my water bottle close so I could drink it when I needed to. The sauna was very relaxing and felt very nice. The steam made my muscles feel a whole lot better. When I was finished with the sauna, I returned the towels to the front desk. I got in my car and went home.I really enjoyed my time there. My grand father wears a button down shirt every day to work. Yesterday, he came home and he had lost a button on his shirt. I sew a lot, and am very crafty at fixing things, and because of my craftiness he asked me to fix and sew a new button back on his shirt. The other buttons were all white and about half an inch in size, so I dug through a container bin of buttons I had and found a button which was similar in appearance. Once I found the button to replace his missing button, I threaded a needle. I had to use white thread to match the button and it took a while to get the thread through the eye of the needle. Once I got the thread through the eye of the needle, I baste stitched the button onto the shirt where the missing button was before, and sewed through all four of the button holes tightening the button to the shirt. I then tied off the stitches and cut the excess thread, before giving the shirt back to my grand father. Yesterday I noticed that my 10 year old daughter Belle, wasn't feeling very well. She seemed to have a fever, so I found the thermometer in the medicine cabinet and checked Belle's temperature. It was 100 degrees, so I called her Dr. Barnes and he told us to come in as early as possible. We went down to the garage and got in the car. We drove to his office on Willow road, and waited there for half an hour. He said that Belle had the flu and prescribed antibiotics, which luckily taste like strawberry. We drove to the pharmacy and pick up the medicine. The pharmacist told us to give two teaspoons on the first day, and then one teaspoon daily for 5 days, even if she felt better earlier than that. Belle sat on the couch as I measured with a syringe to take exactly 5ml, just like the instructions specified, and poured onto a spoon. Belle opened her mouth wide and took the spoon in with the antibiotics and then swallowed it. She liked the taste. I told her she was a good girl and she will start feeling better soon. We repeated this later than night, and again in the following 4 days, until we were done. Belle felt much better after 2 days, and now she is back to her old self. Garry received a gorgeous painting for his birthday. He decided to put it up in the living room. Garry went to the garage so he can get his tools. He needed a hammer and some nails. He opened his tool box and realized that he had no nails. Garry looked across the street and saw his neighbor. He proceeded to go talk to him. He politely asked his neighbor if he can borrow a nail. John, the neighbor smiled and reached down to grab his toolbox. He found one nail and gave it to Garry. Garry thanked John and went back to his house . Ones he was in the house he took a pen from the desk. He went in front of the living room wall  and marked a small dot on it. This is where his new painting will stay.  He hammered the nail into the wall. Garry picked up the painting and hung it up with a big smile on his face. Today we decided to take a picnic in the park behind our house.  We wanted food that was tasty, but would travel well to the park.  We brought a blanket to sit on, and a basket to carry our food in.  We placed four bottles of water, four apples, four bananas, four peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, and one box of crackers in the basket.  I carried the basket and my children carried the blanket.  We walked through the backyard and entered the park.  There was a nice spot under a big tree that would give us shade from the sun.  We opened up the blanket and laid it on the ground.  We sat on the blanket, and placed our basket on top as well.  We opened the basket, and took our our food.  We each took one water, one banana, one apple, one sandwich and shared the crackers.  We sat in the sun and enjoyed our food.  When we were done, we laid in the sun to take a nap.  After an hour, we woke up and decided to head home.  We packed our food back in the basket, folded the blanket, and carried everything home. The last time I made toast, I was really in the mood for it. I wasn't very hungry, but knew that I should eat something small and as a result, I decided to make toast. This was an easy process and began with me taking bread from the top of the refrigerator and putting it in the toaster oven. I get the process started by turning on the toaster to where it says toast and letting the bread stay in there until the buzzer goes off. In this particular experience, it stayed in the toaster oven for about three minutes before it was ready. Once it was ready, I grabbed the glove for the heat and used it to take out the toast. I then closed the door on the toaster and let the toast sit for a few minutes before eating it. It tasted really good and it was easy to make. It's nearly Christmas time, and I've got to wrap up the gifts. When wrapping a gift, you need the gift itself, some wrapping paper, and lots of tape. First, take some of the wrapping paper from the roll and place it on a flat surface. You need to make sure you have enough to completely cover your gift! Then, start wrapping the present. Fold the paper over the present's box evenly, to make sure it's covered completely. Some gifts aren't in square boxes, so those can be a little tricky to wrap. Wrap the paper over the top first, then fold the sides to make sure everything is nice and even. Then, you tape the paper shut over the box. Once it's fully taped shut and it's perfectly even, it's wrapped! The only thing that's left to do is put the present under the tree to open on Christmas Day. Earlier this year my family visited the Museum of Nature and Science in Houston, TX.  We planned our visit on a day where we were all free to go.  When we got to the museum we parked in the Museum's lot.  We walked inside the museum and paid for our admission tickets and for the parking.  We also picked up a museum directory so we could plan which exhibits to visit.  The museum had a movie that was included with the admission price, so we planed to be at the movie theater in the museum before the movie started.  We followed our plan and were able to see the exhibits that were we wanted to see most, and also watched the movie.  At lunch time we went to the cafeteria an bough our lunch.   Then we visited the last exhibits, and went to to the museum's exit.  We filled out a survey to before we left to let the museum know we enjoyed the visit. Yesterday after a long day of playing at the park, I walked into my house not noticing my shoes were muddy and I was tracking mud all over my floor! So first I took off my muddy shoes so that I would not keep getting my floor dirty and started getting ready to clean up the mess. First, I went into my closet and grabbed my broom, dustpan, mop, and bucket. Then I headed over to my kitchen sink and filled my bucket up with hot water and soap. I started by using my broom to collect the chunks of mud and sweep them into my dustpan and empty them into the garbage can. Then I dipped my mop into the bucket of soap and water and mopped up the whole floor until there was no more mud. I put my cleaning supplies away in the closet and waited twenty minutes for the floor to dry so that I wouldn't slip on it. After the floor dried my floor was clean again! I visited the beach yesterday within the hot spring air of Jupiter Florida's genuine afternoon. The sun was out and the arena was set. I loaded myself up with sunscreen and then threw on nice tank top shirt, specifically for the ladies. My next task of business was to rally the troops, so I proceeded to call for my mother, sister, and father to make sure that they were also get ready at the rate that we had prior designated. After getting in the car and driving east for 2 minutes, I began to make out the deep blue hue of the ocean and the white-yellow color of the sand. I proceeded to make my way to the location via foot, eventually laying down all of my possessions in the sand and taking off my shirt. I think I made my way - with haste - to the beautiful ocean, and swam out among the waves. One of my teeth was hurting me, so I knew I needed to go see a dentist. Since I had just moved into town, I looked in the phone book and found the names of the local dentists. I then did some searches on the Internet and read the reviews on each dentists. I chose one that received the best reviews. I called to make an appointment, telling the receptionist that I was currently in pain. The receptionist offered to let me come to the office that day if I was willing to wait for the dentist to fit me in between his existing appointments. I said that I would be willing to do so, and inquired about the cost of a visit and the cost of x-rays and receiving a filling, as I had not yet switched my insurance to my new state. Finding the prices acceptable, I gave the receptionist my name and told her to expect me in about an hour. I arrived at the office and checked in with the receptionist. She asked me to have a seat and she would tell the dentist. I was pleasantly surprised to not have to wait very long. A dental assistant took some x-rays, and before long the dentist came in and told me I had a cavity that needed to be filled. The procedure went quickly and painlessly. I returned to the receptionist who took my payment, which was reasonable. I thanked her and returned home. It was considered a very nice neighborhood.  It had police watch, and there was not a single incident that had occurred in this place. So people were at ease. At night, when we were coming back to our house, I heard screaming from a neighbor's house. The house was kind of far from our house, so it was hard to see what was happening. As soon as I heard the noise, I was in my car, and had almost reached my home, so I immediately drove there, to see if I could help. I saw that there were men trying to break in. I immediately  called 911.  My neighbor woke up and She asked me, what is happening. So I narrated what I saw, and they asked me if I saw a person's face or anything else. I said no because it was dark, but I saw  a car which was parked close  this house, and it was black Chevy truck. They told me police is already dispatched and it is on our way. I was afraid, when I saw them going to their car, so I quickly drove in opposite direction to avoid them. I heard the cat meowing, staring at the food bowl. She was hungry, letting me know with her cat words. Her fluffy tail came to touch my leg, to try to get my attention. I looked at the clock and decided it was time to feed the cat. I went to the cabinet where I store the cat food and pulled the cat food container down. I grabbed the food scoop from the container and scooped out one scoop of food into the cat dish. It was a measured scoop, otherwise the cat would eat as much as she wants. I pet her a few times as she charged the bowl to eat. She nearly knocked me over with as fast as she moved, trying to barrel through me. She purred happily as she ate and I took the time to refill her water dish with clean fresh water. She wouldn't drink from stale water, so this was a constant process through the day. John was busy playing his favorite video game when all of a sudden he heard the doorbell ring. He rushed to the door but he tripped over one of his shoes that was laying down in the way of the door. He shouted at the door to wait just a moment and pulled himself up off the floor. He got up and continued to open the door, out of breath. At the door there was a man he didn't know, it was the delivery man! He had a package for him that he was waiting for all week. It came early so it made John very excited. He thanked the delivery man and closed the door. He brought the package into the house and got one of his box cutters. He opened the box with the box cutter and took out all of the bubble wrap that was placed around the item for protection. It was a new video game that he was excited for! He was so happy the package finally came. I had a taste for a good hot dog and decided I would make one for my lunch. After getting a pot from the rack and filling it with water, I turned on the stove jet to heat and cook the hot dog until done. I set the stove timer and while I had fifteen minutes to wait on the hot dog to cook I got out my condiments, ketchup, onions, and mustard. I also put my bun in the toaster oven to warm it and have it ready for my hot dog. When the timer sounded I turned the stove eye off and carefully used tongs to remove the hot dog from the hot water and placed it in the hot dog bun. Then I put on the condiments that I wanted, got a plate and napkin and set down to enjoy my delicious hot dog for lunch. When I was finished I put my dishes in the dishwasher and my trash in the trashcan. It was Friday, the day I decided to clean my house. I thought I should start in the kitchen and tidy up in there first.  After I put away my dishes, and wiped down the counters, I wanted to make sure the floor was nice and clean.  First, I got out my broom and dust pan.  I moved all of the furniture out of the way and carefully swept up any debris or dirt off of the linoleum floor.  I swept all of the dirt into the dust pan and dumped it into the garbage can.  Then, I got out my bucket and filled it with hot water and soap.  I then went into the storage closet and grabbed my mop. I put the mop in the bucket of water and got it nice and wet.  Then, I swept the mop over my floor, making sure to reach every corner of the kitchen.  Afterwards, I let the floor dry and put all of the chairs and things I had previously moved back into their rightful spots. I need to wash my hair because it's good for it to be clean and smell fresh.  I turn on the faucet and make the temperature warm and comfortable.  I lean my head down into the basin and wet my hair.  My hair is long so I make sure to get all of it into the basin so it gets wet.  Then I get the bottle of shampoo.  I put some shampoo into the palm of my hand and rub it onto my head.  I keep rubbing the shampoo into my hair until it gets sudsy. I am careful not to get the shampoo into my eyes because it might burn.  Once the shampoo has covered my hair, I rinse it out in the basin. I make sure that all the shampoo is out of my hair by rinsing a few times.  This takes a few minutes.  Then I get a towel.  I take my head out of the basin and wrap the towel around my hair so I don't drip water all over the floor.  I rub my head with the towel to dry my hair a little.  Now I am done washing my hair. My husband and I decided we wanted to have some fresh orange juice. We got in the car and drove to the grocery store to buy three bags of oranges. We took the oranges home and got the juicer out of the cabinet. We left the peel on the oranges and cut them in half because our juicer is the type that involves pushing the fruit down on the attachment on top of the jar. We took turns with the oranges because we could only do one half at at time. It took about 45 minutes to get the juice out of all the oranges. We transferred the juice into a large pitcher and added some of the pulp left in the orange peels to make the juice thicker and add more orange flavor. We added some ice to the pitcher of juice then put it into the refrigerator. We waited an hour to make sure our juice was chilled then poured two glasses to have a drink. I am making homemade hot cocoa.  The recipe calls for boiled milk, so it will be hot.  I will take the milk out of the fridge and carefully measure it according to my recipe.  I place the milk in the pan and turn the heat on low.  I do not want to turn the heat on high, because it will heat the milk too fast and too hot.  When milk is heated too fast and too hot, it will burn it and curdle it, resulting in the milk loosing its creaminess.  I will stir the milk very often in order to keep it from burning and to help it heat evenly.  I will keep stirring this way until the milk starts to boil.  I can tell that the milk is boiling when it starts to form tiny bubbles inside the pan and I can see it boiling.  It looks like a fish is underneath the milk and the bubbles are from it breathing.  Yes, my milk is boiling.  I will give it one final stir and remove it from the heat and proceed with my recipe. I waited in the airport until it was time for the passengers to board the plane . I went up with the other passengers and stood in line . We all had to show our boarding passes at the gate . Once we 'd done that , we were allowed to board a plane . We all walked down a short hallway that connected the airport to the plane itself . As we walked in the door of the plane , a stewardess and a pilot both said hello to us . I walked down the narrow aisle of the plane until I found my seat number , which was near the plane 's right wing . I put the bag I was carrying in an overhead compartment near my seat and sat down next to the window . Soon the plane was taxiing to take off , which means that it was essentially driving to the runway . Once there , the plane got the go ahead to take off . It started going really , really fast , and then suddenly it was off the ground and quickly gaining elevation . I looked out the window and saw the airport and the neighborhood nearby , the streets and cars and fields all get smaller and smaller , until they did n't look real anymore . My flight lasted a few hours . During that time the stewardesses passed around sodas , and people who wanted to eat ordered things like bags of peanuts . I ate a granola bar I 'd taken with me and watched part of a movie that they were showing . Finally it was time to land . The plane started to descend , more and more . Finally its wheels touched the runway . It taxied for a while and then finally came to a stop . People got up and got their bags from the overhead compartments . The aisle was very crowded at this point . When the doors were opened we all got out of the plane and made our way to the airport and , from there , to wherever we all were going .  The last time I cleaned the shower, I felt the need to scrub and clean the shower thoroughly. I was feeling like the shower was extremely dirty and as a result, I felt the need to clean it. I got out a large amount of cleaning materials and a sponge. I started off by sponging most of the shower and going on my hands and knees. This was tiring and I continued to clean, while spraying cleaner. I then put the bathtub water on and started to scrub more as most of it washed away. I could see the dust and dirt going down the drain as I continued to scrub. I then took the shower head and started to spray it all over the shower. As  I did this, everything became cleaner and I felt that my cleaning was effective. I enjoyed this experience because I accomplished what I had set out to accomplish. Last night I cooked some boneless, skinless tilapia fish for my family.  The first thing I had to do was thaw my fish in a bowl of cool water.  I allowed the fish to soak in the cool water for about thirty minutes, and that gave them the proper time to cool.  After the fish thawed, I patted them dry with a paper towel.  I took about one cup of grated parmesan cheese, and one cup of corn meal and some seasoning salt and mixed them together in a large bowl.  Then I put my fish filets in another bowl and coated them with mayonnaise.  While my fish were in the mayonnaise, I took a very large frying pan filled half way with canola oil.  As the oil was heating I dipped my mayonnaise coated fish fillets in the cheese corn meal mixture until they were thoroughly covered.  The oil heated quickly and I sprinkled a tiny bit of corn meal in the pan to see if it would sizzle.  Since it did, I knew it was time to put my fish in the pan.  I placed 5 fillets in the large pan, and they began to quickly sizzle.  After about seven minutes, the fillets were brown on one side, and I flipped them to continue cooking on the other side.  After another several minutes, the fish were crispy and brown on both sides.  I checked to see if the fish were flaky and done.  They were!  I called my family to dinner and got the tartar sauce. I had bought my dad a tie for father's day.  I'm sure I could have given it to him like that, but I thought a nice touch would have been to wrap it.  I couldn't wrap the tie like that, so I bought a small cardboard box.  It was a bit narrow and the perfect size for a tie.  I put the tie in the box and taped it shut.  I had bought some blue and white wrapping paper and some tape, so I set that besides the box.  I lay the box on top of the paper and folded it over.  I cut the excess of the paper off and taped the paper to the box.  I folded all the sides of the paper to tuck it in to a neat package.  When I was done, I put a nametag on it.  I topped off the gift with a small blue ribbon bow. When I woke up this morning, I felt really hungry. I went to my refrigerator and opened the door. When I peeked inside, I saw a box of eggs. I took two eggs out of the box and decided to make two fried eggs. But I felt so hungry that I was worried that the two eggs would not be enough. I reached into my pantry and found a can of baked beans. I knew that I had to heat the beans on the stove top before I could eat them though. I took a frying pan and a small sauce pan out of the cupboard. I put both of them on my stove top and turned the gas on low heat. The gas came out and began warming the sauce pan and frying pan. I cracked the two eggs and put them in the frying pan. After some time the gas had heated the eggs, and I knew that they were cooked. I put them on a plate. In the meantime, the gas from the stove top had also heated up the baked beans in the sauce pan. I spooned them onto the plate besides the eggs and ate my delicious breakfast. I had to get up this morning and get the coffee ready. While it was waiting, I fed the cat, and made sure she wasn't near the front door, because I didn't want to let her out. The paper usually came before I woke up anyway, so I didn't have any trouble finding it outside. I saw a light-colored plastic bag, which is usually what they came in, and could see the newspaper through the bag. It was close to the sidewalk this time, and the day was very sunny. I had to wear sunglasses just to go out for about 30 seconds, because I didn't think my eyes would be able to take it. I was glad when I took the paper out of the bag as I walked inside. It was much drier than the one I had gotten the day before! It's nice to get a paper that isn't soaking wet. I want to write a letter to my best friend, who lives far away from me. I am going to share with her some activities I have been enjoying. Because I enjoy writing letters on paper, I will use stationery I keep in my top desk drawer. The paper is light blue. I will use a pen with black ink. I sit at the desk and think about what I want to say. I write to her about my life, what I have experienced, and how I feel about these things. I also ask her questions about how she is, and about subjects and activities that interest her. When I am finished, I sign the letter. I fold the page in half and place it in an envelope. I lick the flap and seal the envelope. Then I write her address on the front of the envelope and write my return address on the upper left corner. I place a stamp on the upper right corner. Now I am ready to mail the letter to her. It is time for supper and mom starts getting food ready to cook. The menu for the night is pork chops and applesauce. The pork chops need to be cooked on the stove. Mom sprays some cooking oil into a skillet then takes the chops out of the package to place in the skillet. Mom uses the knobs in front of the stove to turn on the flame and puts the skillet on the burner that is lit. The pork chops need to be watched and turned over as they cook. Mom adds seasoning while she cooks. When the pork chops are done mom turns off the burner with the knob and uses a spatula to transfer the pork chops to a plate. The pork chops start to cool down and about ten minutes later mom puts the pork chops on individual plates with applesauce and serves them at the table for everyone to eat. When I last vacuumed the carpet, I felt that the carpet was really dirty before I started. I had a vacuum, but I first had to clean the dirt out of the bag in it and then plug it in. After I did this, I picked up all of the big items on the floor and started to vacuum the living room. I moved around slowly, being sure not to miss any areas. While I did this, I went over areas again that did not get completely clean. I listened to the sound of the vacuum and enjoyed the smell of everything getting clean. After finishing, I unplugged the vacuum and put the wire back in the appropriate fashion. I felt good that everything was clean and I put the vacuum back where I got it from. I then tried to use another small vacuum to get smaller areas, such as the stairs. Today I had a craving for fast food. I decided to go to McDonald's for lunch. When I walked in, there was a long line to order because many other people in the area were there on their lunch break. I didn't mind that there was a line because it gave me time to figure out what I wanted to order. I decided to get a Big Mac meal with fries and a Coke. Once I ordered, paid, and picked up my food, I looked around for a table to sit at and eat my lunch. Even though the restaurant was crowded, there were a few tables open by the window. I was lucky because this is my favorite spot to sit. Once I sat down, I opened my bag of food and set up my Big Mac and fries in front of me. I then ate my lunch. It was delicious. This morning, I woke up at about 6 am. I used the bathroom facilities, got dressed, and walked into the kitchen. I opened my cabinet and pulled out some coffee grounds. I scooped about 3 tablespoons of coffee into my coffee maker, added a pot of water, and set it to brew. Next, while the coffee was brewing, I opened another cabinet and grabbed a medium sized frying pan. I put it on the stove top, set it to medium high heat, and let it get hot. Once hot I opened my fridge, pulled out my bacon, and set three pieces in the pan. The bacon took a few minutes to start sizzling. After about five minutes, I flipped the bacon over with some tongs. The bacon finished cooking in another five minutes Once the bacon was cooked, I grabbed a plate out of my cabinet and set the bacon down on it with the tongs. I poured a cup of coffee from the coffee maker that had finished brewing, grabbed my plate of bacon, and walked into the living room to eat. Yesterday, I went outside to mow the lawn. I first went to the shed where I keep the mower.  I opened the door to the shed and got the gasoline can that was in there. I put gas in the mower and then pulled it out of the shed.  To start the mower, I pulled on the cord.  I pulled the cord once, twice and then on the third pull the mower started and I was able to begin to mow the lawn.  I went back and forth across the lawn in rows.  Down one row, turn, back up the next row.  I did this many times.  Once, there was a tree in the way and I had to go around it, but usually it was down one row, turn, and back up the next row.  The grass being cut smelled very nice and when I was done the yard looked very pretty. Since the sun was hot, I got pretty tired mowing the lawn so after I put the mower back in the shed I went inside to get a drink of water. I'm not typically someone who likes, or even frequently irons. However, last week I went out and bought myself a pair of linen pants to keep me cool in warmer weather. I didn't realize how easily linen pants wrinkled, and without ironing, they look as if I'm wearing a sack of potatoes. I went down to the basement to dig out my iron and ironing board, I had to rifle through quite a few boxes in order to find the one I had stashed it inside. After I found it, I brought it back upstairs, set up the ironing board, plugged in, and turned on the iron. I propped it up on the ironing board to let it heat up, and got my pants ready. I tried to remember how to iron, and started with the back of one pants leg, repeated with the other, then ironed the front of the pants. Within a couple minutes my pants were pressed flat, and looked nice enough to wear for a night out. Today is laundry day.  It's a chore that I do every few days.  First, I took my clothes hamper and dumped it out in the laundry room.  Then, I sorted the laundry into several piles: whites, darks, colors, delicates and towels.  I started the washer up and added the laundry detergent and fabric softener.  Then, I added my first load of laundry.  While the laundry was in the washer, I tended to other household chores.  When the washing machine buzzed, I knew it was time to take the clothes out.  I took the clothes and put them in the dryer with a dryer sheet.  I turned the dryer on and then started another load in the washer.  When the dryer was finished, I emptied the lint trap and took the clothing out and folding it and put it away in my closet and in my dresser.  I put the clothing that was in the washer into the dryer and put in another load of dirty laundry into the washer. One time I was mailing a letter. I had to find the right address to put it in. The mailman was super nice. He had brown hair and was wearing glasses and also had a brown coat on. He looked like he was ready to retrieve my mail. He seemed like a good guy and was genuine to me. It seemed nice to know him. It looked like he was going to go to leave soon so I grabbed him the mail and gave it to his face. Seemed good to me. So I kept going and continued on my journey to happiness. I was trying to be happy that year so I thought positive thoughts in most of the time I was thinking. It seemed nice to me to do such a thing as that. I was going to feel bad if I didn't so that is what I did. I went to visit my mom yesterday. I stood in her kitchen talking to her about our weekend plans while she cooked. She then asked me if I would boil the milk for her, while she was working on other food items in her recipes. I told her I had never boiled milk before, but I am certainly willing to help if she cold give me guidance. She told me it was easy and that I would be able to do it without any issues. She told me to get a medium sized sauce pot. She told me she needed 2 cups of milk. I measured the milk and added it the pot. She told me to turn the heat on medium, so I do not scorch the milk. I heated the milk slowly until it began to boil. It was admittedly simple, but it was a task I had never had to do before. Several times a year, we will visit relatives. These might be people like mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, or cousins. The visits might involve driving a long distance or even flying on an airplane. We do this because we like each other and want to see each other and talk about what is happening in each other's lives. When we visit, we might just see each other for a few hours, or we might spend a whole week together. We might meet at someone's house or we might plan to meet somewhere, like the beach. We will spend a lot of time talking, but we will probably do a lot of other activities together, like going out for dinner or having a meal at home, or doing special activities together like going on a vacation or going to a play or concert. We might stay at the relative's house or we might stay at a hotel. Sometimes we don't feel like visiting, but we do it because it is important to stay in contact with family members. John was reading a book next to his baby boy. He was enjoying himself while rocking the baby in its crib. He was rocking the baby while all of a sudden the baby started crying. John immediately got up and walked over to the crying baby. He picked up the baby and tried to soothe it but it wasn't working. So he went to the bathroom and checked the babies diaper but it didn't need to be change. He continued to then take the baby to the kitchen and hold the baby while he made the babies bottle. He then finished making the bottle and gave the bottle to the crying baby. The baby was hungry, and started drinking the formula from the bottle. It stopped the crying and John was relieved. He continued to hold the baby while it drank out of the bottle. The baby was content now that it was fed. It was a time, when paying bills was a big deal. Now, a days, it is very easy and stress free. Let me tell what I do. I always pay my credit card , water, insurance bills on line. First I went on credit card site, added my card on it, and set up an account with them so I can check my all activity.  I did same thing with insurance company, and added same  credit card with them, and set up  an automatic payment option every month. SO Now, at schedule time at insurance, it will bring out total balance and will charge to my credit card. So I will not have to worry every month that it did pay or not. I allowed notification from my insurance company so they let me know, when even they are going to charge my credit card on my text message,'Easy and simple. The seats were oily and the floor was sticky. The cushions smelled of butter that was fake. It was dim, but the there was excitement in the air. Everyone was chattering and crunching their snack wrappers. Tension was high, and hopes were through the roof that this would be a decent showing. I turned to my friend and smiled, and the lights cut out. The projector clicked on, and the first titles showed on the screen. There was an uproarious shout from the crowd. The movie had begun to play. What ensued next was a cavalcade of ridiculous excitement. Cliches, poor acting, and abysmal dialogue played out across 90 minutes of cinematic excrement, and we loved every minute of it. There is nothing quite like seeing a terrible in an old theater with friends. By the time the movie had ended, we were all beaming with happiness at our night. Last night, I had no clean laundry. I was looking for something to wear to bed and realized that I literally had nothing. As a result, I realized that I had to do something that I had, which is doing laundry. I got the laundry basket from the basement and took it upstairs. I then cleared everything out of my hamper and took it into the basement. Upon seeing my dad, he told me that he had some laundry to add as well. I took both of our laundry downstairs and placed all of it together into the laundry machine. My step mom told me to separate the colors, but I do not do that. Instead, I placed everything together in the machine and the put the laundry detergent in the cup. I pretty much filled the cup up and lathered it on top of the clothes. I then started the washer. My family is planning a reunion in Utah this month.  Since we live in West Virginia, it will be a long trip for us.  It was too expensive for the five of us to fly, so we planned a three-day road trip instead.  We planned for three days of driving each way, with fun things to do on the way to and from our destination.  The first night, after ten hours of driving, we will be camping on the banks of the Mississippi River.  We have a reserved campsite there.  The second night, after driving across Iowa and Nebraska, we will be staying in a motel room.  The third night, we will be with my extended family in Utah.  We have a time-share condo on a mountain reservoir where we plan to stay for a whole week.  We will be hiking, biking, canoeing, playing board games, playing card games, and playing dice games.  I hope to have a lot of fun with my extended family that week.  On the way back to West Virginia, we plan to stop at Zion National Park to hike the legendary Angels' Landing trail.  We also plan to stop at Mesa Verde National Park, Carlsbad National Park, and the Jefferson National Expansion Monument.  We plan to ride the tram to the top of the Gateway Arch there.  I am really excited to get on the road! I decided to write a letter to my aunt, whom I hadn't seen in a long time. First I gathered my supplies. I picked out a pen, paper, an envelope, my address book, and a postage stamp. After I wrote my letter, I folded it and slid it into the envelope. I licked the sticky strip on the flap of the envelope and pressed it down to seal the envelope. Then I wrote my name and address on the upper left corner. After consulting my address book, I wrote my aunt's name and address very neatly in the center of the envelope. I checked the addresses again to make sure they were neat and correct, and then I affixed the stamp to the upper right corner of the envelope. I picked up the letter and walked out to the mailbox. After putting the letter in the mailbox, I raised the red flag so the postman would know I had outgoing mail. My second son was born just two days ago. I brought the new baby home to meet his older brother, Tom, who is only two years old. At this age Tom is interested in everything. He knew his new baby brother was coming home today. His eyes were large as he looked over his brother, obviously not expecting him to be so small. When the baby started crying, Tom became very worried until I explained that his little brother was only hungry. Tom handed me his peanut butter sandwich to share with his new brother. I explained that the baby couldn't yet eat a sandwich and would only drink milk. Then Tom offered his glass of milk for the baby. I had to explain to Tom that small babies drink their milk from a bottle of warm milk. I asked Tom if he would like to help me warm the milk for the baby. His eyes lit up as he quickly nodded yes. We went into the kitchen, and I asked Tom if he could get a bottle of milk from the refrigerator. I explained to Tom that we had to warm the milk but make sure the milk wasn't too hot or too cold. We checked the milk, and it was just right to feed to the baby. I wrote a letter to a friend the other day, and then had to mail it. Before I could send it I needed a few things. I needed an envelope, to put the letter in. I needed a stamp, to show I paid for the letter. I went to post office and bought the right size envelope for a letter and the right type of stamp. I wrote my name and address in one corner. I wrote the name and address of the person I was sending the letter too in the middle. Once I had the addresses filled in, I put the letter in the envelope. I made sure the letter was sealed in by the sticky glue of the envelope. I put the stamp on the outside of the envelope, on the corner. I took my envelope and walked to the out going mail box at the post office. I dropped the letter into the right box. I left the post office and went home. It was early evening, after work but before dinner. I was sitting at home watching TV when I heard a buzzing noise coming from my door. I live by myself and wasn't expecting anyone, so I wasn't sure who would be at the door. I hoped it wasn't someone campaigning for some cause or missionaries or anyone else who expected something from me. I paused the television, stood up, and looked through the peep hole in my door. I saw a man standing outside with a package in his hand. I was relieved to know it was just the UPS driver with a package for me. I unlocked the door and opened it, greeting the man standing outside. He asked me for my name, which I gave him. He handed me the package, wished me a good day, and then returned to his truck. I stepped back inside my house, closed the door, and continued with my TV show. I go to the kitchen and make sure the dishwasher has finished it's cycle. I then press my hand on the level and pull open the dishwasher. I start unloading it by pulling out the top rack. I take each item out one at a time and make sure it is completely dry. If something isn't dry then I take the dish towel and finish drying it. Once the item is dry and outside the dishwasher I place in the correct cabinet.  I finish unloading the top then slide the tray back in and reach down and pull out the bottom tray or rack. I start with removing each silverware piece assuring they are dry then placing in silverware drawer.  I then remove each dish from the rack and dry if needed then place in cabinet. Finally I slide in the bottom dishwasher rack and then  close the dishwasher door. I would first set a date.  I would then make a list of people to invite.  Next I would decide upon the theme.   In this case it will be a Mardi Gras themed surprise birthday party for a friend who is turning 40 years old.  I would ask a mutual friend to help in the planning.  I would then send out invitations.  I would spend a lot of time on Pinterest and other websites looking for decorations and games.  I would order up Mardi Gras themed decorations.  I would plan the menu which would be Cajun themed. I would hire a deejay and a photo booth.    I would then rent tables and chairs.  Two days before I would thoroughly clean.  The day before the party, I would decorate the venue.  I would have friend help.  I would precook as much as possible. The day of the party, I would finish the food.  I would then enjoy my guests and party! My family and I took a trip to Hawaii.  On the island that we were on, we found a shrine that had some koi fish in a pond.  When we went there, we brought some bread along with us that we could go and give to the fish that were just swimming around.  I took a piece of bread out of the plastic and started to break it up with my hands.  I threw the pieces in the pond, even though I would have liked to eat them.  The bread would settle on the surface of the water and the fish would swim up to go and eat the little pieces of bread.  The fish were really excited to eat something that they may have never eaten before.  We took the rest of the bread and put it in the pond for the fish to eat as we were leaving. When I got sick last week, I decided to boil some milk to make some oatmeal to get me feeling better.  I didn't have any milk, so I drove to the store a couple of miles from my home.  When I got to the store, I bought the milk.  I took it back home.  When I was back home, I took the carton of milk and poured it into a large pot.  I placed the pot on the burner and turned the knob to get the heat started.  The milk started boiling a lot after a few minutes and it was about ready to pour into a bowl.  I got out some gloves to make sure that I wouldn't get burned when I poured.  I picked up the pot and put it in the bowl while it was still boiling.  I added the oatmeal and I was ready to eat it. I bought my nephew a pair of roller blades for his birthday. They were packaged partially in a box but not completely and they were an odd shape to try to wrap. I searched around at several places and found a box that they fit into so I could wrap them easier. I picked our Star Wars wrapping paper to wrap his gift. I put the roller blades in the big box I found and rolled out the wrapping paper to measure how much I would need. I cut more than enough paper to fit the package. I sat the box in the middle of the piece of wrapping paper and folded up the two sides to meet, I put down a piece of tape. I then folded in the other ends to make a V and had them meet in the middle, on top of the other tape. I peeled the sticker off the back of a bow and stuck it on top right in the middle of the package. I hope he likes his gift! I arrived home after a long day of work, eager to relax and unwind from the day. I greeted my wife and had dinner with her. Afterwards, we decided to watch a movie before going to sleep for the evening. We spent a few minutes looking through some options before we decided on a horror movie. This particular movie was on Netflix, so I loaded the app on my TV and searched for the movie we wanted to watch. My wife prepared some snacks and sat beside me as I hit the play button. We both sat on our couch next to each other and watched the movie while we ate popcorn and candy. After the movie was over, we were both feeling tired, so we decided to shut the movie off and head to sleep. The movie ended automatically, so I closed the app on my TV and turned off the power. Every Saturday morning my mom does laundry.  She collects all of the clothes from every room in the house.  She puts the dirty clothes in a big basket.  Then, she carries the basket to the laundry room. Inside the laundry room, there is a washing machine that my mom calls the Washer. There is also a drying machine that she calls the Dryer. My mom looks through the pile of dirty clothes and picks out the clothes that are all white.  She puts all of the white clothes in one pile, separate from the colorful dirty clothes. For the first load of laundry, my mom always puts in the colorful clothes. She says this is so the bleach she uses when she washes the white clothes does not fade the colorful clothes. Once the colorful clothes are in the washer, she takes out the laundry detergent. She measures out the exact amount on the box and dumps it in. Then, she turns the machine on and the clothes become soapy and spin around until they are clean.  When the washing cycle is done for the colorful clothes, my mom puts the damp clothes into the dryer, sets the timer, and shuts the door.  When the damp clothes are dry, she takes them out of the machine and folds them. The last time that I went to a funeral, I felt really sad. It was for my cousin and I was really sad that we lost him. Upon going to the funeral, I dressed up in an all black suit and drove over to the cemetery. I shook hands and hugged family members and friends, before paying tribute to him in a ceremony. We all stood around his grave site and listened to the priest say what he needed to. Then, we all went around and put some dirt onto the area where the body was buried. A few people stood up and said a few words about my cousin and everyone else talked and grieved together. After saying a few prayers, we all talked for a while and reminisced about my cousin and all of the good things that he did. Finally, after this happened, we left the cemetery. Yesterday I was home resting on the couch and I had just woken up from a short nap when the doorbell rang.  I was startled because I did not think that anybody was planing to stop by.  I rose from the couch and walked over to the door.  I looked out of the window before opening the door because I was not expecting anybody.  I saw a young man probably in his early twenties.  I apprehensively opened the door and the young man was very friendly.  He said that his car had broken down around the corner and unfortunately his cell phone was out of power and he needed to call for help.  I decided to help him out but of course I did not invite him into the house.  I grabbed my cell phone and stepped outside.  I then handed him my phone and allowed him to call the tow company for help.  He then walked off happily to wait for the towing company. Last week I realized I needed some new clothes. I decided the shopping centre would have what I would need. I got dressed and put my shoes on. I jumped in the car, buckled up and went to the centre. There were so many stores. I took my time walking around and looking at all the things. I found a dress I liked. I asked the employee if he could let me in the dressing room. He did and I tried it on. It was a little too big so I got a smaller size. After paying, I left that store and went looking for shoes to match. I found a cute pair of wedges that fit and bought them. Then, I stopped to grab a bite to eat before loading all of my purchases into the car. I got in my car and went back home to put the stuff away. I was very hungry when I woke up in the morning so I went to the kitchen. I took the eggs and bacon out of the refrigerator and pulled my large frying pan out of the cabinet. I coated it with a little bit of butter so nothing would stick to the pan, and cracked three eggs into the pan. I stirred them up and added some cheese, salt, and pepper to make scrambled eggs. I let them cook for about five minutes before using a spatula to slide them onto a plate. I then put a few strips of bacon in the pan and fried it until it was a little crispy. I put a teabag in a cup, and boiled some water in the kettle. Then I poured the water into the cup to make tea. Once everything was done, I took my scrambled eggs, bacon, and tea to the kitchen table to sit down and eat breakfast. It was delicious! After getting home from work, I decided to take a shower. I went to the bathroom and took out my shampoo, conditioner, and soap. I also brought in my towel and my change of clothes. I started off by taking off my clothes. Next, I get in the bathtub and pull the curtains closed. Then, I turn on the water and try to get it lukewarm so it's not too hot and not too cold. After I know the water temperature is just right, I put some shampoo onto my hair and start scrubbing it in. I rinse it off and start lathering soap onto my body. Afterwards, I get the conditioner onto my hair. I stay in the shower long enough for all the soap and shampoo to wash off. Sometimes I'll sing in the shower, other times I'll do some thinking. Afterwards, I'll turn off the water, grab the towel, dry off my hair and body, then step out of the bathtub and get my clothes on. I decided to have a party at my house to celebrate my room mates thirtieth birthday.  There is a lot of planning that goes into throwing a party so I had to do a lot of work.  First I decided to create a guest list that my room mate would really enjoy.  I invited all of her close friends and family members.  The party guests all agreed to bring some food or drink which was a big help.  As the guests arrived we set up all of the food and drinks in our kitchen and the party began.  One of my friends is a great disc jockey so he was able to play some fantastic music for the party.  Everybody seemed to be having a great time, most importantly my room mate.  Finally at about midnight people started to leave and the party was winding down.  My room mate really enjoyed her evening. A few weeks ago, I received an invitation in the mail, my brother was getting married. The invitation had the details, which included where the wedding and reception were being held, and at what time. On the day of my brother's wedding, I put on a nice dress and went to the church, where the wedding was happening. The organist played the song "here comes the bride", and my brother's fiancee walked in wearing a beautiful white dress. My brother and his fiancee said their vows, which included a lot of the words "I do". After that, they kissed and she was now his wife. We then went to a large banquet hall where the reception was being held. They served us a big dinner, followed by the wedding cake. The wedding cake had many layers and lots of icing. We then all danced for the rest of the evening and had a great time. "Wow, that was a good meal." My daughter Abby told me as she hurried off to finish her homework. I smiled over the table full of mostly empty plates. Now it was time to clean the table. In my family we took turns. Tonight it was my chore. I cleared off the trash first - paper napkins mainly. Next, I carried all the dishes and silverware to the sink to be put into the dishwasher after an necessary rinses. The vase of flowers from the garden fitted very nicely on the kitchen counter. The tablecloth needed to be washed so I tossed it into the laundry room. Then I went to get a sponge to clean the table. After a good wipe down it looked good. Finally, I shoved the chairs into their places so the dining nook would look neat and tidy. I put the vase of flowers back in the center of the table. It was ready for our next meal. As spring rolled around Monica opened the side door of her lovely small home in the woods of Pennsylvania.  The warm spring air gently caressed her cheek all-while the smells from the lovely petunias drifted in from beside her.  "Ah petunias, one of my favorite flowers, all the colors it can be!"  Monica moved out from the warm doorway and proceeded to her gardening shed where she kept all her tools.  "For what I'm working on today I'm going to need some heavy duty stuff." said Monica aloud to herself.  Grabbing the shovel, hoe, and rake she walked towards the back part of the yard that was covered in weeds.  "Give me 3 weeks and ill have you full of blossoming tomato plants!" said Monica to the square patch of land in front of her.  "Most people don't know that the important part of gardening is preparing the soil for the plants!"  Over the next 3 hours Monica tirelessly worked to clear the square space of the extra plants and roots and mixed up the soil and laid seeds. With hard work and care Monica will have tomatoes in no time. I decided to ask some friends to go to dinner with me. Dinner will be at a very nice restaurant. I have to make a reservation because there will be many of us. The restaurant likes to have notice so they can set up a big table for us. I make a list of all the friends I would like to invite. I call all my friends to see who wants to go. Then I find the restaurant's phone number. I call the restaurant and let them know what day and time and how many of my friends will be going. Sometimes other people have made reservations also and the day and time I asked for is not available. If that is the case then I ask what day and times are available. Then I call all my friends on the list to find out who can still go. Then I make another reservation. In coming next week are busy because of guest, marriage and festival. I need to make a shopping list. My brain was overwhelmed with so many things on my mind.  In last 2 days, I was writing for things that I am going to need, on my phone, even on refrigerator, on my laptop. I did not want to forget the important thing. So I was writing whenever I was remembering. Finally, I sat at one place without any distraction, and gathered all the things, that I wrote at different place and made a list. I asked my family, if they need something, and then I categorized them, so I can go at a time at one store and get all the things needed from the store, because my list was not just grocery, but from food to clothes, jewelry, toiletry, make up, shoes and home furnishings. So it was very necessary to itemize them to make my shopping easy. finally, it was done, but always felt like I am missing something, I enjoy making coffee so it's a fairly complex process but it is easy to make coffee. I already have a coffee machine that makes espresso - the dark black coffee - and also steams and froths milk, which is a separate attachment.  To prepare for making my coffee, I fill a coffee cup half full of milk. Then I take whole beans and grind them in the grinder, which is very quick.  I usually grind two grinders full of beans at once and keep the ground coffee in an airtight container, so I don't have to grind it every time.  I take a couple tablespoons of the grinds and put them in the basket that then is inserted into the coffee maker. Next I turn on the coffee maker and when it indicates it's ready, place the mug of milk under the attachment and let it froth the milk until it is hot - usually one or two minutes.  Finally, I press the button to have hot water run through the coffee grinds, running the coffee into the mug of frothed milk then turn off the coffee machine and enjoy. I wanted to remodel my home. I decided to start with laying new flooring in my living room. I first had to measure how large my room was. I measured the length of the room first, writing down the size so I would not forget. Then I measured and wrote down the width. I multiplied the two, and found how much area was in my room. Once I knew that, I knew how much flooring I would need to use. I went to the hardware store and bought the right amount of flooring. I removed the old flooring by ripping it up. I started laying the new flooring as soon as I cleaned out the old. I put the pieces down in sections. Making sure I covered the corners and making sure the angles were straight and all the pieces of flooring fit together. I continued to make sure it all was fitting well until I finished. Then I enjoyed my new floor. I look through my kitchen and decide that I need to go to the grocery store.  I take a piece of paper and a pencil and sit at the kitchen table.  I begin my shopping list by listing out the breakfast items we will need for the next couple of weeks.  Next, I go to lunches.  I check our freezer to see what meats we have so I can plan my dinners.  I write down the items I will need to finish making dinners for the next two weeks.  I then go to the bathroom in order to check out on personal items.  I make sure that we do not need toilet paper, shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste, and other important items.  After I feel that I am done with my list, I ask my children if there is anything they would like different for lunches before taking my list to the store and shopping. This morning, I went to make coffee in my coffee maker. First I checked to see if the coffee filter still had wet coffee grounds in it from yesterday. It did, so I took the filter to the sink to wash out the old grounds. Once the filter was clean, I took out a bag of fresh coffee grounds and put two scoops of them into the clean filter. Then I put the filter back into the coffee maker. Next, I took the empty coffee pot from the coffee maker and went back to the sink. I filled the coffee pot up with water until it was at the 8-cups line. I poured all the water in the coffee pot into a shaft in the coffee maker. Then I put the empty coffee pot back into the coffee maker. Everything was in position now. The filter contained fresh coffee grounds, the coffee maker had 8 cups of water in it, and the coffee pot was empty and ready to be filled with coffee. The only thing left to do was press the on button. After I did that, the coffee began to brew. I wanted to send a letter to my friend in a foreign country to ask him about his life lately. I sat down to write the letter and it took me a while to get all my thoughts out. After that I carefully folded it up and placed it inside an envelope. I had to look up his address because I did not remember it and I wanted to be sure it was accurate. After that I sealed the letter and wrote my return address on the letter. Then I took the envelope containing the letter to the post office. I had to wait in line a while before I was served by the clerk. The clerk took my letter and weighed it on the scale. It was heavier than a normal letter so I had to pay extra postage. The clerk took my money, put some stamps on my letter, and handed it off for sorting. A few days later my friend received my letter. I bought these new things called sheet suspenders and I was excited to try them out. i stripped the bed and washed all the bedding and pillow cases, then dried them. These sheet suspender things hook to the corners of the fitted sheets and through tension, keep the sheet from slipping off the corners of the mattress. I put the fitted sheet on and attached the suspenders, it seemed to work well. I then sprinkled some baby powder on the fitted sheet because I like the way it smells and feels in the bed. I spread the flat sheet out on top of that and then the comforter as well. I put two pillows back in their shams and the other two back in their cases. I sprayed lavender and jasmine pillow spray on the pillows and tucked all the edges in. I then placed the colorful corduroy throw pillows on the bed as well and took a picture because it looked so nice and comfy. Nowadays, the oranges are always on sale, because it is summer. There are plenty in market. I also bought other day with the intention to make juice out of it. Fresh and healthy. I bought big bag which has at least 10 oranges in them.  I have juicer which squeezes juice perfectly. First, I peeled all oranges. Then I cut them in 4 pieces each. I opened juicer and opened the top. There is little opener in juicer, where you can keep putting the oranges without stopping your mixture.  I set up a big container for juice under the juicer, where it pours from juicer. I turned o switch, and kept putting orange slices one by one. It squeezed the juice and pulp left behind over the blade. After a while, I switched off, because there was so much pulp collected. I cleaned it out and again repeated the same process again until all oranges finished.  It made big jug full of juice. Fresh and clean. Ready to be served. Every few weeks, the grass in my yard grows too high and I need to mow it to keep it looking nice and neat. Yesterday, I had to mow the lawn again. Some people have lawn mowers you can sit on and ride, mine is a push mower since my lawn isn't very big, and I like the exercise. I checked to make sure there was enough gas in the mower, and pulled the string to start the engine. Being careful, since the mower has very sharp, fast-moving blades underneath, I went in a straight line from one end of the yard to the other. I kept doing that until my yard was completely mowed and all the grass was cut short. After I finished mowing the lawn, I made sure to put my lawn mower back in the shed where it belonged, and enjoyed a large, cold glass of lemonade, since lawn mowing is hard work. The only thing that really wakes me up in the morning is taking a nice long hot shower.  After I get out of bed I go immediately to the bathroom and start the shower.  I am picky about the temperature so it takes me a few minutes to make sure that the water is perfect.  I then enter the shower and start scrubbing my whole body.  I use a body wash that I really like and make sure that my body is really clean. Once my body is clean I wash my hair with my favorite shampoo and conditioner.  I often let the conditioner sit in my hair for a few minutes so that my hair is easier to manage when I get out of the shower.  After I rinse out the conditioner I get out of the shower and dry myself with a really large fluffy cotton towel.  After my shower I am ready to start my day. I woke late today.  I did not do everything that I usually do every morning.  One thing that I did not do was make my bed.  The first thing I normally do every morning after getting out of bed is make my bed.  I wake up, get out of bed and immediately start running my hand across my bed in order to straighten the wrinkles out of my bottom, fitted sheet.  When I wake up on time, unlike today, I then pull up my top, flat sheet and straighten my pillows.  Some people tuck their top sheet in under the mattress and tuck it about their pillows when they make their bed.  I don't; I simply pull the top sheet and then the blanket over my pillows and let the sides and bottom of the top sheet hang free.  I don't like feeling all packed into my bed as if it was a sleeping bag.  Well, tonight that certainly won't be an issue since I didn't make my bed at all! I was playing in the playroom with my sweet little boy. We were playing trucks while listening and singing to some kids songs. I then realized he had a dirty diaper and needed a diaper change. I never leave him in a diaper that is not clean and dry, so I immediately went and got his diaper bag. He laid back on the carpet. I picked up his little legs and put the changing pad under him. I pulled off his shorts, unsnapped the diaper and removed it. I removed the diaper, closed it with the Velcro into a ball and threw it in a garbage bag. I then warmed up a baby wipe by rolling it in between my hands. I cleaned him with the baby wipe. I threw the wipe into the garbage bag. I put a clean diaper on him and he started singing his songs, asking for his truck. I put his pants back on, went outside to toss the bag in the garbage can, washed my hands and we were right back to playing trucks! I decided that I wanted to cook some pasta so I got a box of spaghetti noodles out of the cabinets. I got a pot out of the pantry, filled it with cold water, then placed it on top of the eye on the stove. Then I turned the knob that controls the heat on the I and set the temperature to high so that the water will boil. I waited about five minutes into the water began boiling, which is when I took the spaghetti noodles out of the box and immerse them in the boiling water. I added a dash of salt to the water to keep the noodles from sticking to each other, then with a wooden spoon, I began to gently stir the water, salt and noodles after two minutes of cooking, I repositioned the noodles so that the parts that had not been submerged underwater could begin to boil in the water. Once all the noodles were submerged underwater, then I begin to stir the noodles in the water every 30 seconds in order to keep them from sticking to the bottom of the pot. I watched as the noodles turned from yellow and hard to soft and pale in color. As the noodles became more soft, they began to bend and curve, which is when I reduced the heat from high to medium in order to prevent over cooking the noodles. After about eight minutes of cooking, I checked the noodle to see if it was hard or soft. Once I saw that the noodles were soft enough to be pinched easily, I turned the heat completely off, remove the sauce pot from the heat's, and drain the water from the noodles by emptying the entire pot into a strainer that is situated inside the sink. After I emptied the pots, and the water drained out of the strain, all that is left is the noodles, which are ready to be used in a pasta dish such as spaghetti. Every week I have a list a chores that I must do.  On Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, I vacuum. Today is Monday, so I knew I would have to get out the vacuum. I went to the hall closet where the vacuum is stored and took out the vacuum cleaner.  I plugged it in.  Then, I moved furniture out of the way and picked up any large pieces of lint or debris.  After that, I turned on the vacuum and swept it over the carpets.  I lifted the tables and got every crack and corner of the room.  Next, I went to the stairs and unhooked the attachment to the vacuum cleaner that is used for cleaning the stairs.  I went up each of the stairs, carefully sucking up all of the dirt that gathered over the weekend.  When I was finished, I wound the cord back up and put the vacuum back into the hall closet.  I finished by putting all of the furniture back where it was before I started cleaning. I pay bills twice a month, the 15th and the 30th. It's when my husband gets paid. On the 15th I pay the water bill, gas bill, credit card bill and cell phone bill. I do all of this online going to each website that I need to to pay it. The water bill I write a check and mail it to the water district. On the 30th I pay the electricity bill, the furniture bill, the mortgage, and the credit card bill that we put all our daily living things on. I just make sure I have enough money in the checking account to cover all of these bills. I again go to each individual website to pay all of these bills. Sometimes I need to take some money from the savings that we put in every month and sometimes I don't. I try every month to keep as much in the savings as I can. I needed to purchase some supplies for an upcoming trip as well as some pet supplies so rather than wanting to drive to several stores I opted to shop online. I found items that I thought would be perfect so I read reviews of people who had bought them before to see if they were good products or not. After I decided on several things I wanted and added them to my cart, I realized if I added a couple dollars more I would get free shipping so I added some treats for my dogs. I searched google to see if there were any coupon codes for this store and found one that said it would work. I entered the coupon code and it did work so I got an additional 10% discount. I entered my shipping address and credit card information and double checked everything in my cart to make sure it was the items and sizes I wanted. When I was sure everything was correct I placed the order. Just recently, it was Christmas time. Obviously, with Christmas time comes the task of getting presents for family. This is what I did. I went online and bought gifts for all of my family members, but of course, I wasn't going to just put the gifts under the Christmas tree just like that. I went out and bought some of the nicest looking wrapping paper I could find, along with some tape, bows, name tags, and scissors. Next, I put whichever gifts that weren't already in boxes into some boxes, and I closed them up with tape. The next step was the wrapping. I needed to roll out the right amount of wrapping paper to fit around the box completely, and cut it loose from the rest of the roll. Then, I needed to fold the corners so there was no loose paper sticking out, and tape the wrapping paper closed. After the boxes were completely wrapped, I put on a name tag for whoever the gift was for, and a bow to top it all off. This morning I noticed I was out of clean underwear. So I decided to make today laundry day. I went around the house collecting all of the dirty laundry from every room. After collecting the laundry and putting it all in the dirty clothes hamper, I carried it to the laundry room. In the laundry room I sorted the clothes into different piles, darks, whites, towels, and delicates. The first load I needed to wash was the dark clothes. I picked the clothes up and placed them in the washer. Then I closed the door. After I heard the latch on the washer door click, I turned on the washing machine. I turned the dial to the "normal" setting" and added the appropriate amount of washing detergent. I also wanted the clothes to be soft, so I added some fabric softener to the wash. After I was done adding the soap, and fabric softener, I pushed the start button. I was tidying up my home on a Sunday and decided that our carpet needed to be vacuumed. I went to the closet where we keep our vacuum and pulled it out to get ready to use it. I first looked inside the dust filter to make sure that it was not full. The filter was full, so I pulled it out and emptied it into the trash can so there would be room in the filter. I replaced the filter and found an outlet to plug in my vacuum. I turned the vacuum on and began to run it over the carpet. I did it in a series of long, parallel strokes so that my carpet would not have any weird patters in it. I made sure to lift up our chairs and had my boyfriend help me by lifting up the couch so I could get underneath. Once the room was vacuumed, I double checked that I hadn't missed anything and I unplugged the vacuum. I replaced the cord on the vacuum and put it back in the closet where I got it out from. Every morning, I will wake up and make breakfast for me and my family. I will usually start coffee for me and anyone else who might want it. I will fill up the coffee pot and fell the maker. Then I will put coffee grounds and a filter in to the coffee maker and hit the on switch. My son usually only wants cereal so I'll get out a bowl for him and put his cereal and some milk next to his place at the table because he likes to pour it himself. Then I'll make scrambled eggs for everyone else. I'll crack an egg into a bowl and stir them up with a fork. Then I'll put on a pan and smear some butter in it while it heats up on the stove. I'll put toast in the toaster while that warms up but not for long and then I'll pour the eggs into it. I keep an eye on the eggs and stir them with a fork. They are done quickly, as is the toast. I serve these and get butter. Then I set the table and call everyone to breakfast. Taking out the trash was always an everyday chore for me as a kid, and still is today. I always disliked it as a kid, and still do, because almost every time, the garbage smelled awful. I still always did it, though. Otherwise, I knew I would get in trouble with my parents. The first thing I did was tie up the bag. I would grab two ends of the bag, and tie them into a knot to make sure the bag wouldn't open. Then, I'd take the garbage outside and throw it into the dumpster. Next, I'd go back inside and put new bags in each trash bin inside the house. I'd take a new bag from a roll that we had in the kitchen or bathroom, depending on which trash bag I was replacing, and put it inside the trash bin. To make sure that the bag wouldn't fall in, I would wrap the edges of it around the top of the trash bin and, if possible, tie a small know to secure it. My husband and I bought an old house.  We knew when we bought it that we would have lots and lots of work to do.  We decided to start by replacing the worn flooring in our living room first.  First, we tore up the old, stained carpeting.  Then we went to Home Depot to look at flooring samples.  I wanted to put in hardwood floors but my husband wanted carpet.  We finally agreed on buying hardwood floors for the living room.  We bought the flooring and the supplies and took them home.  Next, we laid down the materials the go underneath the boards.  Next, we carefully laid the boards and made sure they were placed just right before securing them. After several hours, our work was done.  We were able to polish the floors and get them nice and shiny before moving onto our next project in the living room. I bought a painting and decided that I wanted to put it up on a wall in my house. I first walked through each room thinking about where the painting would look the best. I considered every wall until I decided on the living room. It was the best place to put it because it would match the other paintings. I took a measuring tape and a pencil and measured where I wanted it on the wall. I made sure it was equal lengths from the other paintings on each side. I made a mark with my pencil where the nail should go. I grabbed my toolbox and pulled out my hammer and a nail. I placed the nail on the pencil mark and hammered it in half way. Then, I took the painting and hung it on the wall. I was very happy to see that it looked very good! I was happy that I picked that spot. My friend Margo and I went to McDonald's to have lunch together before we went to the movies.   We went in around lunch time and got in line, patiently waiting our turn to order.  When it was our turn, I ordered a cheeseburger without pickles, a large order of French fries and a medium Diet Coke.  Margo ordered a grilled chicken sandwich, a small order of fries, an apple pie and large Sprite.  We quickly paid the cashier and moved to the side, eagerly awaiting our meal. After only a few minutes, the employees placed our trays on the counter top for us to take.  We stopped at the service station and grabbed some napkins and ketchup for our fries.  Margo found a table for us in the corner near a window.  We sat down and ate our food while talking about the movie we were going to go see after we ate lunch. We learned we were having guests for diner.  I asked how many would be coming.  I was told that there would be 13 or 14 guests.  I decided to set the table for 14 guests.  First I counted out 14 spoons, then the same number of salad forks, dinner forks, and knives.  I stacked 14 plates in a pile.  I also counted out 14 glasses and 14 goblets for a special treat.  I brought all of these items over to the table very carefully.  I did not want to break anything or touch the eating surfaces of the silverware.  I made sure not to leave smudges the glasses.  Sometimes I use a clean towel for wipe them off.  I set each place with one napkin, one dinner fork, one salad fork, one spoon, and one knife.  I also set a plate and a cup for each person.  For a final treat, I filled each goblet with gummy worms and set them as well. I visit post office at least once in week.  I bought some gift cards for my friends and needed to mail them. I already had some small envelops. I 3 cards that I wanted to mail. For safety I covered them in plain white paper and wrote a note and address of my friend. I closed it with little tape. I wrote address on the front of envelop, and wrote my address on the top  left. I usually go to drop my child to school and post office is not fr from her school. So I made sure I put the mail in my purse, I left at 7:30. dropped my child and drove to post office which is 1 mile from there/ I parked my car, and went in side, stood in line. When my turn came I asked for postage, and glued the stamp on my envelop and handed over to postman to mail it. Today I decided to have a hot dog for lunch. I looked in my fridge and pulled out the package of hot dogs. I also grabbed the ketchup and mustard to set aside. I pulled one hot dog out of the package and placed the package into the fridge. I took a knife and cut two slits into the hot dog around the middle in order to vent it. I then wrapped it in a towel, placed it on a plate, and put it in the microwave. I microwaved it for as long as it recommended, about a minute. While it was microwaving, I got out a hot dog bun and put some ketchup and mustard on it. When the hot dog was done microwaving, I pulled it out, unwrapped it, and put it on the bun. I waited a few minutes to eat it, as it was very hot! I then enjoyed it with a side of chips. It was delicious! I come home from work and open my door to a messy house. I begin to pick up clothes off of the floor and organize them into clean and dirty piles. The dirty clothes are thrown into the washer with soap and fabric softener, while the clean clothes are then hung up on hangers in my closet. I notice the bathroom mirror has smudges, and begin to gather the proper cleaning chemicals to wash it and the rest of the bathroom. I use glass cleaner and paper towels to wipe off the spots on the mirror, and use bleach in the toilet bowl to disinfect it. I proceed to clean the rest of the bathroom by vacuuming the floor and wiping off the shower tile with disinfecting wipes. I move on to the bedroom, where I remove the sheets and blankets, as well as pillow cases from the pillows. Once the washer and dryer are finished with my previous load of laundry, I begin to wash my bedding materials. I had spilled some soda on my bed, so I had to change my sheets before I went to bed. First I took off my blanket, which was still clean. I set it to the side. I took the old sheets off, removed the pillow cases from my pillows, and tossed them into a pile on the floor of my bedroom before going to the hallway closet and taking out a fresh, clean set of sheets. I unfolded the fitted sheet first and started in one corner of the mattress, getting that corner in place before stretching the sheet slowly to slip over the next corner, then the next, and then the fourth and final corner. Then I unfolded the top sheet and centered it on the bed. I tucked the bottom end in under the mattress, making sure that I still had enough on the bed to use at night. Then I slipped clean pillowcases onto my pillows. I pulled the top sheet tight and straightened it out over the bed before setting the blanket on top. I was done! As an avid mountain biker , I have found myself in many precarious situations . From run ins with bears , to falling into prickly bushes . It is always an adventure when you are riding your mountain bike through the great outdoors . One particular issue that affects all mountain bikers , is flat tires . I have had numerous flat tires during my years riding . The first flat tire I ever had left me stranded miles away form civilization . I had to hoof it out on foot , carrying a broken bike . It was an experience I did not want to relive again . From then on I purchased and kept many bicycle tire tubes in my riding gear . To replace a bicycle tire is now a simple process for me . You break the bead on the old tire shell and pull it slightly to the side . You work the tube out from between the rim and the tire itself . You then stuff the new rubber tube where the old one was , making sure the nipple matches with the nipple hole . You then move the outer tire back into position and pump up the tire .  I only had one light bulb in the two socket fixture on the bathroom ceiling so of course when the bulb blew; it was complete darkness. I grabbed two bulbs from the supply closet and then  I dragged a kitchen chair into the bathroom because the step stool was not tall enough for the vaulted ceiling. I propped the door open with a shoe so that some light could get in from the opposing window in the hallway. I stepped up onto the chair and began to unscrew the glass enclosure exposing the blown bulb. I gently set the glass covering at my feet on the chair. I reached up and began unscrewing the bulb. I tossed the dead bulb into the bathroom trash can. I grabbed one light bulb that I set on the bathroom counter and screwed it in, I did the same with the other bulb so complete darkness in the bathroom wouldn't happen again. I then screwed the enclosure back on and put the chair back in the kitchen. One day my bicycle tire got flat due to hitting some glass in the street . I then had to walk the rest of the way home . I took it into my garage and tried to repair it by putting some duct tape on it and pumping it with air . This , however , only made matters worst and all the air ended up making another hole in my tire because I over inflated it . I decided that I had no other options and I ordered a new tire on Amazon for my bike . Once that came in the mail it was time to repair my broken bike . I got a socket wrench and unscrewed the nut of the bike that attached to the wheel . After that I got my new bike tire and put it on the frame of the bike and screwed it back on . Once that was complete my bike was as good as new and I was back to riding my daily bike trail by my house .  I looked in my fridge and did not see very much food in it. It was time to go grocery shopping. First though, I needed to make a shopping list. I thought about what I usually have in the fridge and what I liked to eat. I started by writing down the snacks I wanted, since I usually buy snacks when I go out. I checked how much of each food I had left in the cabinet and wrote down things that were almost out. I thought about what was in the freezer. There was not much inside the freezer it looked like, so I wrote down some frozen foods like chicken nuggets. After a while, I had a long list of things that I wanted to buy. Thinking some more, I looked over the list thinking of something that could be missing. My list was pretty good, so I could not find anything that was missing. On a Friday night, my husband and I decided to go dancing. We went to one of my favorite restaurants in New York City. We got out of our taxi cab and entered the restaurant. The room was full of people in fancy dresses and tuxedos who were dancing to swing music, our favorite type of music to dance to. There was a live band on a stage at the very back of the restaurant. We found a table to sit at and have a glass of wine before getting out on the dance floor. Once we were finally ready to go, we got on the dance floor just as one of our favorite swing songs was being played by the band. We danced for three hours but it didn't even feel that long because we were having such a good time. Finally, my husband and I decided to leave the restaurant once we were tired. We took a taxi cab back home after a great night out. Last week I threw a part for a friend. I had to call the bakery and let them know when I would need a cake, as well as what kind I would want. I called the part store and asked them to make sure they had the right color and amount of balloons I would need for that day. I called a pizza place and asked the to deliver food and drinks before the party. Once I had all that ready, I went to the store to buy decorations. I bought a table clothes, matching plates, forks, spoons and disposable cups. I had everything ready, now all I needed to do was pick up the cake and balloons, then go home and set it all up. I went to the bakery and got the cake. Then I went to party store and payed for the balloons. When I brought it all home, I set it up. I put the table clothes on the table, followed by the cake. Then I put the spoons forks and plates out as well. I sit the food and drinks near the cake. The balloons were floating in the room. It was a fun party. On a Mother's Day morning, I decided that I was going to cook for my wife.  She really loves to eat German pancakes, and so I decided that I would wake up early that Sunday and make her some food that she enjoys.  I got a bowl out to mix the ingredients.  I put in six or seven eggs, a cup of flour, and a cup of milk to make sure it stayed runny.  When I mixed them with a fork, I made sure that all the of the ingredients were mixed together.  I got out a pan and started to heat the oven.  I melted butter in the glass pan and then poured the ingredients in the pan.  When the oven was done heating, I put the pan in for over ten minutes.  After it was done, I woke her up and we ate the food I made together. The other day, I planned for a large family gathering. Since I knew that my house would be crowded with many members of my family and friends, I knew that I would have to both clean and set the dining room table. As a result, I first cleared everything off of the table and found a clean spot for it. I then cleaned the table and put place settings on it. I received help from my  girlfriend, who brought me the utensils as I placed them on the table. This was an easy experience and I felt like I was able to achieve my goal relatively quickly. Soon after, the table had a placemat, as well as everything that we needed on the dinner table. Everything was clean and looked orderly. I was proud that we were able to set the table and I felt confident that everyone would like the way that it looked. I check out what kind of floor it is.  Laminate and hardwood would need a different cleaner than vinyl.  I have vinyl floor so I am going to clean it first with a vacuum to get crumbs and other things off it.  Then I get a bucket with hot water and an antibacterial cleaner made for floors.  I also have a squeegee brush with a rectangular yellow sponge.  I put the brush in the water and them squeeze almost all the water out of the sponge.  I then move the sponge back and forth across the floor.  I often dip the sponge back in the water and squeeze it out again.  Dirt is being picked up by the sponge and I dip the sponge to wash the dirt off and get clean water on it.  With time, though, the clean water is getting dirty from dipping the dirty sponge in.  I keep going over the floor until all the floor has been wiped with the sponge.  If the floor is very large I may need to refill the bucket with clean water and cleaner again.  I am careful not to step on any floor that is wet from being cleaned.  I then give the floor time to dry before standing on it. Today I had to go out and mail a letter. It is something I do not do often, since email makes everything so much more convenient, and also I live in a suburban neighborhood with only a mail slot, where in order to mail a letter I have to go to a post office or find a mail box. Since this Sunday is father's day I decided to do something nice for my dad, and get him a card, with a gift card to a bookstore and a handwritten letter inside for a father's day gift. I think he will like the handwritten letter the best, because it is something I do not do often, and I told him how much he means to me and thanked him for all he did raising me. As a child, my mom was stay-at-home, so I usually spent time with her and was closer to her than I was my dad. As I've gotten older, my dad and I have bonded over similar hobbies and interests, so by taking the letter, stamping it, and dropping it off at the local post office, I've kept an old tradition alive, and hopefully given him a father's day gift he will love. Yesterday, I wrote a letter to my friend who lives in Nashville, Tennessee. I used some nice paper, called stationery, and a pen to write my letter.  I told my friend lots of things that were happening in my life and invited him to come visit.  Once I was finished, I put the letter into an envelope that matched the stationery.  I wrote my friend's address in the center of the front side of the envelope so that the post office would know where to send it.  I wrote my address in the upper left-hand corner just in case the letter should get lost and need to be returned to me. In the right-hand corner, I put a postage stamp to pay for the delivery.  Once the letter was addressed and stamped, I took it outside to my mailbox and put it inside. I then raised the flag on the side of the box to alert the mail carrier that there was outgoing mail inside. Renting a movie can be fun. Sometimes I know the exact movie I would like to rent, but sometimes I do not. I like to drive to a place where there are many movies available to rent. When I get there I park and go inside. I like walking down the rows. Each row is marked for what kind of movies are in that row like: comedy, drama, horror, classics, Christian, new releases and documentary. Some times there are rows of music videos and other topics. Sometimes I pick more than one movie. I pick more movies if it is a holiday or long weekend that gives me plenty of time to watch the movies. Next I need to pay the rental fee. I go to the counter. The clerk gives me the total and I pay. The clerk tells me when to return the movie. A few days later I return movie. I wrapped the blanket tightly into a bundle, and opened the picnic basket. I closely packed together the deli sandwiches, the apples, and the fruit juice. It was a beautiful sunny day. and today was a perfect day to eat outside for a picnic! I tightly closed the lid on the basket and took the supplies out to my car. Birds chirped and the warm glow of the sun baked my skin and made me smile. I went into the garage and fetched the folding chairs; they would be perfect for sunbathing after eating the nice packed lunch. I delicately tucked the nice wooden chairs into the trunk of my car, and gingerly closed the hatch. I had prepared and packed everything that I would need to have the perfect sunny picnic day! I put on my sunglasses and go into the drivers seat. Today was going to be great. Feeding Daxter my cat is a simple task to do. I pick up his food bowl and place it on the counter.  I walk to the cupboard where I can find the cans of cat food.  I pick what flavor I think my cat will enjoy this morning and take it and place it on the counter, closing the cupboard.  I open the drawer and grab my can opener.   I place the can opener on the can and start turning the handle until the can is completely open.  I take a spoon and start scooping out the food into the cats bowl.  I place the bowl on the floor and pick up the water bowl.  I clean out he water bowl and fill it with fresh water.  I then place the water bowl back on the floor next to the food bowl.  I then throw away the empty can of cat food. I woke up this morning to the sounds of my dog barking.  He was ready for his morning walk.  I got dressed and walked to the door.  My dog met me at the door with his leash in his mouth.  He was surely ready.  I put his leash on his collar and opened the door.  He walked out the door and I followed him.  I closed and locked the door behind us before we left.  We got to the sidewalk and took a right.  We walked to the park that is down the road from my house.  When we got to the park, we took the trail that wraps around the lake that is there.  After a while, I decided it was time to go home.  We left the park and walked home.  I unlocked the door and we went back inside.  He was excited about his walk and ready for a drink of water. This morning I made toasted bread for my breakfast. I love to eat toasted bread. I keep my toaster on the kitchen counter. I put my wheat bread into the toaster and pushed the knob handle down until it stopped moving. I also adjusted a knob that makes the toaster stop when it gets to a certain temperature. I do not like it when my toast is burnt. I could see inside the toaster as it toasted the bread. The elements were getting red. That is the heat that cooks the toast. All of a sudden the toaster pops the toast up. It is done! It is hot. I got my tongs and pulled the toast out and put jelly on one toast. I put peanut butter on the other toast. It tasted too good and I ate it very quick. I even made more toast. I love to eat toast. I went to the doctor for a skin check with a dermatologist a few months ago. I had to call several weeks in advance to schedule the appointment, since it was my first time seeing this doctor they asked me print out new patient paperwork and bring along medical records if I had any. I arrived to the appointment early to complete paperwork. I was called back and a physicians assistant asked me questions about the purpose of the appointment and if I had any history with skin cancer, I told her I did not and was just there for a check to make sure everything was OK. She asked if I minded if the doctor brought in a med student who was working with her, I told her it was fine. She gave me a paper gown to change into and told me to remove everything including socks. The doctor, med student and physicians assistant all came in and the doctor checked over my entire body, commenting about freckles but saying everything looked OK. She said everything looked good and recommended a check once a year since I am very pale and have a family history of skin cancer. I notice that my fuel level is almost empty.  I drive to the nearest gas station.  I pull into the closest lane.  I park and open the fuel cap.  I insert my debit card into the gas pump.  I enter my pin number when prompted.  I select the proper type of gas for my car.  I put the nozzle into the gas tank.  I click on the handle so that the gas automatically fills.  While waiting for the gas tank to fill, I open my hood.  I get a paper towel.  I pull out the oil level reader.  I wipe it with the paper towel.  I insert the reader back into the oil tank.  My oil level is good.  I close the hood.  I throw away the paper towel.  Next I get a squeegee to wash my windows.  The gas pump clicks off.  I remove the nozzle and replace it in the gas pump.  I collect my receipt.  I then get in my car and drive off. I have a very important job interview coming up in a few days and I want to make sure I look my best . I called up my barber and made an appointment for later on in the day . When I got to the barber shop I greeted him and took a seat in his chair . I told him about the interview and he told me not to worry I was in good hands . He put the barber apron over me so I would n't get any hair on my clothes while he cut my hair . He took out his scissors and started sniping away like he usually did . After about 20 minutes we were all done . He took out a small mirror and showed me the front and back of my new haircut . As always I was very satisfied with his work . He dusted off the loose hair and removed the apron as I got up . I paid him and gave him a nice tip for a job well done . Before leaving he wished me good luck on my interview and thanked me for stopping by .  After sleeping on the same bed sheets for a while, we must wash them. Washing the bed sheets requires us first to take the sheets of the bed. We collect the dirty sheets, then prepare our washer with soap. We put the sheets into the washer, and begin the process of washing. After they are washed, we take the sheets out of the washer and put them into the dryer. After drying them for about 30 minutes, we bring the sheets back into  our bedroom. We put on the first sheets, the thin one that we lay on. Next we put the thin sheet that covers us - the one that goes between us and the blanket. Finally, we put the blanket on top. We push all the sides that are hanging off the bed under the mattress. Doing this ensures that the sheets won't move around and fall on the floor, getting dirty. I turned the kitchen light on this morning and the light bulb blinked off like it was not good anymore. Rats. It took a while to find the step stool. The light bulb in on the ceiling. I remembered I left the step stool in the garage. Now I had to find a light bulb. I found one the wattage I wanted with all my other light bulbs. Now I was set. I got on my step stool and unscrewed the old light bulb and put it into the trash. Then I screwed in the new light bulb. I turned on the switch just to make sure it worked. Yes! Success! I decided to put the step stool back into the garage so I could find it easy next time I need it. I thought it was also time to buy some more light bulbs. I will buy them tomorrow. Terri unloads the dishwasher every day for her mother.  She knows it is important to keep it free of dishes for the dirty ones to go in. So, after school, Terri unloads any clean dishes her mother cleaned earlier, and puts each cup, plate , and dish away neatly.  Sometimes there are pots in there as well. She takes those out too, and puts them below in the cabinet with the other pots. The last thing she does is puts away the silverware.  She has to be careful with that because of the knives.  So, she takes each section of silverware carefully,  and puts away all the spoons, forks, and knives. When she is done with every dish, and it is empty, she closes the front door of it and locks it.  Her mother then can fill it  again after dinner, with no worries of clean dishes to put away first. My shirt that I had for years, this was my favorite shirt which was my favorite color. I planned to wear my shirt to the family union. I brought a new pair of pant, shoes and socks. I was set for the family union. The day before the family union I tried on my pant, shirt and shoes to see how everything fit. I put on my shirt wondering why my shirt was fitting tight. I force to fasten my shirt and end up popping a button, before I discovered that I have gain a couple of pounds. That night I sew a button on my shirt for next day family union. The day of the family union I took down my shirt and look at it. I have accidentally sew the button on the wrong side. I spent the entire ride to the family union sitting in the back seat sewing on a button. I needed to boil milk for a recipe I wanted to make. First I had to collect my supplies. I opened the cabinet drawer and found my saucepan. I set it on the stove, which was currently off. I then opened the refrigerator, and found my milk. Once I had found the milk, I removed the lid, and poured some into the saucepan, making sure I didn't pour too much. Next, I placed the saucepan full of milk on the stove burner, and turned on the stove using the dials. I then watch the milk for indications of boiling. I have to wait for it to get hot enough. I stir the milk so that it heats evenly. Small bubbles start to appear which shows that it is close to boiling. Larger bubbles start appearing, meaning that it is reaching the boiling temperature, which is 212.3 degrees Fahrenheit for milk. Now that my milk has boiled, I removed it from the heated burner, and continue on to the rest of my recipe. Washing your hair is very important, and it looks great and feels great after you are done.  First, you can either use the sink, the bathtub, or shower to wet your hair. Next, you take your shampoo bottle, and pour some into your hand , usually a good amount.  Put the shampoo into your hair, and start to scrub your hair with the shampoo.  Make sure you have enough water to mix with the shampoo, and get all your hair soapy.  Then, you rinse the suds out of your hair with water.  Most of the time you repeat the washing again, and then rinse. Sometimes you can use conditioner as well, it helps with tangles, and makes your hair manageable and conditions it.  Conditioner makes your hair shiny and easier to comb through.  You would use the conditioner last, let it sit for a few minutes, then rinse it out.  Last, you dry your hair with a towel and comb it out. I woke up this morning and decided to go get my haircut . I normally go to a place that calls for a phone call in advance of arriving but this time I decided to go to a different place where I could just walk in . When I arrived I had to wait for about 10 minutes before someone could cut my hair , which was alright with me since I did not make an appointment or anything . When I got in the chair the lady cutting my hair asked me what kind of haircut I wanted and I told her short hair on the top with a buzz cut on the sides . She told me that would be a great look for me and I agreed . During the hair cut I talked to the barber about what I did in life and asked her some questions as well . After about 10 minutes she finished the job . I tipped her 5 dollars for her effort and went off satisfied with my haircut . It was a good experience .  I have a friend that lives far away and I want to send a letter to him. I think about how I can get the letter to him without driving far away. I remember that I can mail the letter. I can pay to have the postal service take my letter and give it to my friend for me, which is much easier. I write my letter and find an envelope to fit the letter in. I put the letter inside the envelope and lick the sticky side of the flap. I press down the sticky part of the flap against the envelope to make sure my letter stays safe inside. On the front of the envelope, I write where my friend lives in the center, and where I live in the top left corner. I put a stamp on the top right corner, which shows the postal service that I have paid them. I then drive to the post office and drop the stamped letter into a box where all the letters are picked up and delivered. After a few days, my friend gets my letter from a mailman. It was lunchtime; time to feed my baby. He has just started eating baby food so I went to the fridge and pulled out the ingredients I liked to use to make my "gourmet" baby food. A week ago I had boiled several different kinds of fruits and vegetables until they were soft. I then poured portions of each fruit or vegetable into ice cube trays and froze them. Now, I pulled out the trays and picked which foods I wanted. A cube of sweet potato was the first choice; next a star shaped cube of squash. Lastly, another star shaped cube of applesauce and a few spoonfuls of rice cereal. I put it in the microwave and then mixed it all together. I put my baby in the high chair and tied a bib around his neck. He likes to eat so as soon as he saw the spoonful, he opened his mouth wide. He swallowed the bite and I scooped up the small bits that had dribbled down his chin. I fed him bites until he had finished off the portion. I gave him a bottle of water while I washed up his tray and cup. I received a call from my doctor reminding me that it was just about time for my annual check-up. I called my doctor back and scheduled a check-up appointment. On the day of the appointment, I drove to my doctor's office. I walked in, checked in with the receptionist at the front, confirmed my insurance information, and waited for my name to be called. When a nurse called my name, I followed her to the back of the office where she took my height and weight measurements. After we did this, we went into the examination room where she took my temperature and blood pressure. The nurse then left, and I waited for the doctor to come in. When the doctor came in, she listened to my lungs, examined my throat, nose, and ears, and pressed on the sides of my jaw to check my glands. She asked about any changes in my life and I informed her that nothing had changed in the past year. She said to keep eating healthy and exercising at least three times a week. I left the doctor's office and was happy with my visit. Today I want to hardboil two fresh eggs for my lunch. I keep the eggs cold in my refrigerator, so I open the refrigerator door and take out two eggs. I place them on the counter, far back so they will not roll off.  I find a small pan with a handle and fill it half way with cold water. Then I carefully pick up one egg and place it gently in the pan of water. Did I forget the other egg? No, I pick it up next and again put it carefully in the pan of water. Does the water cover both eggs? Not quite, so I add a little more water until both eggs are covered with water. I have a gas stove.  I want to turn on the left front small burner.  I know that the left knob on the front of my stove controls the left front small burner. So I turn the left knob until it clicks. Then the gas flame lights and is providing heat for me to cook the eggs. Next I pick up the pan of water with two eggs in it. I place the pan on the left front burner. Now I must watch the pan of water and eggs. I know the water must get hot to boil the eggs. In fact the water must boil with bubbles. Soon  the flame under the pan makes the water hot. When the water boils, then I watch the clock on the stove for 3 minutes.  After 3 minutes I turn the left knob on the front of the stove to "off" and the flame goes away. Now I let the water cool so I will not burn myself with the hot water. After about 15 minutes I take a spoon and remove the boiled eggs from the water.  I put them in a small bowl.  They are still in their shells. I decide to put the two boiled eggs back in the refrigerator to get them cold for my lunch.  I will eat them when I am hungry. So now you know how I make two hardboiled eggs using my kitchen gas stove. Yesterday My puppy, Molly woke me up about 6:00AM. Once I heard her I quickly got dressed, grabbed a last and we were off.  We waked about 2 miles.  Everywhere we went, Molly found something she wanted to chew on. So a short walk turned into hours.  Then she was thirsty, so I gave her some water that I brought with me. Finally I told her it was time to run home. Once we got home I saw the newspaper had arrived, so I called to Molly to go get it. I took off her leash and she ran to the front door to get it. She put it in her mouth and ran to me and dropped it at my feet. Then we went inside I took her outside to drink, and I made some coffee and sat down to read the newspaper with dog slobber all over it. Today I decided that the grass in my backyard was getting too high and needed to be cut. I walked out to the shed where I keep my mower and wheeled it out onto the concrete pad. I checked the level of gasoline in the engine and decided I had enough to complete the job.  I wheeled the mower over to the middle of my yard and Pushed the start button.. The mower started and I began to walk the the mower back and forth across my lawn up and down forming neat slightly overlapping rows.  The smell of fresh cut grass was nice.  When all the grass had bee neatly cut I turned off the mower and returned it to the little metal shed in my back yard.  Looking over my work for the afternoon I was happy that I had completed the job and then went inside the house and drank a tall glass of cool lemonade. Yesterday after lunch I decided I wanted a book to read . I went to my local library and browsed the shelves for something I would enjoy reading . After finding my favorite section of the library I looked at the titles of each book . I picked out a book I thought sounded interesting and read the back cover to make sure the story sounded amusing . After reading the back cover I was excited about the contents of the book . I took the book up to the front of the library where the librarian sat at her desk . I informed her that I found the book I wanted and was ready to check out . She scanned the bar code on the book and let me know it was due to be returned in five days . I left the library full of anxiousness to go read my book .  Sunday is traditionally a family day. Well, it is no different in my family. Nearly every Sunday, we go to my mom and dad's house to visit with our relatives. I only live 6 blocks from my parents, so my son and I generally walk or ride our bikes over to the house. My son calls this day "cousin day" because he gets to see all his cousins. My 5 brothers, my sister, all of their spouses and children congregate at the house. The adults usually cook some food and talk around the kitchen table. The kids run all around the house, playing and dressing up in costumes. Then, they go outside and swing on the swings and ride on the bikes in the backyard. We all sit down for a lunch and talk until we are full. We then spend some time cleaning up the house before we all go home, needing to prepare for the upcoming week. I am lucky to be so close to my relatives. I picked up the large plastic basket full of dirty clothes and started down the hall. I stopped in the bathroom and gathered the towels and bathmat and put them in my basket. I walked down the basement stairs and opened the door to the laundry room. I opened the lid of the washing machine, removed the wet clothes and put them in the dryer. They smelled like bleach, which reminded me of a swimming pool. After adding a static sheet to the dryer, I closed the door and turned it on. I dumped the dirty clothes from my basket into the washing machine. There were mostly towels, sweatshirts and socks in there, so I decided to use hot water, lots of soap, but no bleach. First, I removed a lacy scarf, because it was too delicate for hot water. I added a cup of soap on top of the clothes and closed the lid. I turned the knob to "HOT" and pressed "START." Yesterday while I was taking a walk in the park a friend of mine called me and invited me for a birthday party of her daughter. So the next day I went to a to store and picked up a gift for her. I had to wrap the gift. So I went and bought a wrapping paper . It was made up of plastic. It was very colorful. I used a pair of scissors and cello tape to stick. I first folded the wrapping paper in two halves and placed the gift on top of it. The ends of the wrapping paper I joined them together with tape. I held the gift horizontal and put tape on the ends. And did the same at the opposite side too. After that I put a sticker on the gift along with best wishes and my name . It was beautifully packed and looked very elegant. Perfect for the birthday girl I woke up this morning, but I wasn't really hungry for breakfast.  Still, I knew I needed to eat something for the busy day ahead.  I decided that a couple slices of toast would be perfect.  I went to the bread box and grabbed a couple of slices out of the loaf of bread.  I walked over to the toaster and popped them in.  I made sure the settings on the toaster were like I wanted them.  I didn't want my toast to be too dark.  While I waited for the toast to cook, I poured myself a glass of juice and took the butter out of the fridge.  Soon enough, the toast popped up out of the toaster.  It was done.  I took a butter knife and spread a little butter over the top of each slice.  I was able to eat it on my drive to work.  It was a good simple meal. This morning, I was on a hike at our local National park. I stopped to take a break and have a few drinks of water when I saw a bald eagle! It wasn't close enough to photograph with my phone camera, so I pulled out my DSLR camera with a zoom lens. The eagle was perched on a tree branch, I think it was some kind of pine tree. I zoomed in and got into position to take the photo. I made a little whistle sound, to get the eagle to look in my direction. He looked right at me and I snapped the photo. The sound of my shutter must have spooked him, because he flew away right as I took the shot. That was the first time I've ever seen a bald eagle in the wild, and I was able to get an awesome photo of it. I was so happy that I ran right home and shared the picture on social media. This afternoon I was sitting in my living room when I heard the doorbell ring. It sounded like high pitched chiming. I was not expecting anyone. When the doorbell rings and I do not know who is at the door, I can feel a little nervous or scared. Still, I got up to go answer the door and see who was there. When I opened the door, I saw that it was the postman who rang the doorbell. I said hello. The postman answered, "Hello, I have a package for you. Please sign here." I signed my signature on his tablet and then took the package and said, "Thank you very much." I closed the door and brought the package inside my house. It turned out to be a surprise gift from my sister. I was really glad that I went and answered the door when the doorbell rang. My daughter had a bad headache and needed to take some medicine. First, I checked to make sure she didn't have a fever. After that I went to the bathroom and got the medicine out of the cabinet. I read the label and made sure it was safe for her to take. I then looked to see how much she could take and how often. I took out the correct number of pills and went to the kitchen to get her a glass of water. I brought the pills and water to her and she put the pills in her  mouth and then took large drinks of water until she swallowed the pills. I made sure the cap was put back on the pill bottle and I returned the bottle to the top shelf in the cabinet. I brought her another glass of water and made her lay down for awhile while the pills took effect. I looked at the time to know when she could have more if she needed them. I gather the dirty clothes from the laundry hamper. I sort them into blacks, whites, and light and dark colors. This is so the different colors don't run and stain my clothes while they're being washed. I put one pile into the washing machine. I put laundry detergent and fabric softener into the drawer in the front of the washing machine. It has separate places where each ones goes. They help clean the clothes and make them soft. I close the washing machine and choose the right setting by turning the dial. The washing machine starts to wash the clothes by filling with water and spinning them around. When the washing machine is done it drains the water and beeps to tell me to take out the clothes. I then put the clothes in the dryer. I put a dryer sheet in with the wet clothes to make them smell nice and stop them getting stacticky and sticking together. I choose the right setting on the dryer dial, and it dries the clothes by spinning them around and blowing hot air on them. When the dryer is done it beeps for me to talk the clothes out. I then fold them and put them away. When I go to the park with my dogs I always bring my camera so I can take pictures of them.  I like to find a spot with good lighting so I can get the best pictures.  Usually depending on what time of day I go, I can find a quiet spot by a tree or by some flowers so I have a nice background.  Once I find a good spot I set my camera up on a small tripod.  I put my dogs where I want them to sit and focus on them through the view finder.  When I have a nicely framed shot I press the capture button and take the picture.  I will check the image on the digital camera's screen and make sure its a nice photo.  If its not I will delete it and try again.  Once I get a few nice shots of my dogs I will set a timer for 10 seconds and go sit with them.  When I hear the camera click, I know the picture was taken and I go check it.  If I like the picture I keep it.  When I have a lot of nice pictures saved on my camera, we head home from the park. The pasta came in a little bag and was folded very carefully. I need to get my big pot and fill it with some filtered water and add a generous pinch of salt. I turn the stove on high and wait for the water to come to a rolling boil. It's probably going to take about ten to fifteen minutes but the fresh pasta cooks really quickly after that happens. My water finally begins to boil and open the plastic bag and add my pasta to the boiling water. The instructions say five to seven minutes. I set my timer for five and I'll check it when the timer goes off. I grab the over the sink strainer and have it set up with a bowl under to catch some pasta water in case the pasta sticks I can flush it again with the pasta water.  I check the pasta for tenderness and it's al dente. I then pour the pasta into the strainer and it's ready to eat. My family and I often take trips to the beach. We make sure to wake up really early to get on the road to avoid the traffic that we are sure to hit on a trip to the beach on a hot summer's day. We pack a cooler of sandwiches, waters, and fruit to enjoy while we are there. We also pack some toys for the kids like pails, shovels, and sandcastle molds. We also are sure to pack towels, a big umbrella, and a blanket. When we get there, we are sure to lather up with sunscreen, making sure not to miss a spot. It is so easy to get sunburn when you're out playing on the sand all day. We also lay out our towels and blankets. When we are done with all of that, we take a swim in the ocean. We play games where we try to dive down before waves hit. Another fun thing that we do is ride the waves on our boogie boards. With so many fun things to do at the beach, it is no wonder that we are exhausted by the time we leave at the end of the day. I went on a hiking trip with a few good friends over the weekend. It was early Sunday morning and I was hoping to get some really good photographs of nature, so I brought along my brand new camera and some extra lenses. Within the first hour of the hike I managed to photograph a couple wild animals, including some really beautiful birds. I also took picture of some of the spectacular wild flowers that grew on the mountain. We hiked for a few hours and at the end of the trip I wanted to take a picture to remember what a great time I had. i asked all my friends to line up and then I raised the camera to my face to center the shot. I told them on the count of three to say cheese and then I pressed to shutter button to forever capture this wonderful moment. I want to boil some milk. First, I get out a pan and place it on top of the stove. I remove the milk from the refrigerator. I measure out the amount of milk I want to boil by using a measuring cup. I pour the milk into the pot that is on the stove. I turn the heat up to a medium-high setting. I don't want to turn the heat up to high because I don't want it to boil too fast. I put the milk back into the refrigerator as I wait for the milk to boil. I watch for small bubbles to appear, which shows the milk is boiling. This takes about 5 minutes for the milk to get hot enough and boil. Once I see many small bubbles in the milk,  I turn the stove off. I know the milk has finished boiling and take it off the heat. As I was heading to work yesterday I looked down and I realized that my shoes were looking a bit scuffed.  I decided then that I needed to buy some new work shoes for every day wear.  I had recently taken a trip with friends and remembered that I had admired a pair of shoes that one of my friends had.  When I arrived at work I emailed her to ask her where she had purchased the shoes and she told me they are from amazon.  I immediately accessed amazon and searched for the shoes.  There were a number of different options but I picked the style that I liked and luckily the size I wanted was in stock.  I ordered the shoes immediately and because I have amazon prime my shoes will arrive in two days.  I am excited for my new shoes be delivered and I really hope that they fit fine. Often, I find myself in need of a different, or new item. Usually, one of the best ways to find something, is to shop online. With the summer coming, and a toddler who doesn't know how to swim, I decided to buy him a life jacket the other day. I went on to Amazon, and searched life jackets for toddlers. So many results came up, and I was able to sort by good reviews, and if they have Prime shipping. This limited the search to a few good items, and I clicked on one with arm bands and a picture of a shark on it. Alex likes sharks, and just began making shark noises, which involving him making a chomping sound. The reviews were all good, and the life jacket was his correct size, so I added it to my online shopping cart. I already had a credit card and address on file, so I clicked pay now, and within two days it was on my front porch. Alex is excited and ready for safe swimming. I went to get dressed this morning.  There was nothing to wear.  All my clothes were dirty!  I knew I finally needed to do the laundry.  I gathered up all the dirty clothes and put them in the basket.  I brought the basket into the laundry room.  Once in the laundry room, I sorted out the clothing.  I put one batch of clothing in the washer with the detergent.  It took a while, but finally the clothes were clean.  It was time to dry them.  I put the wet clothes into the dryer and I loaded another batch in the washer.  I waited for the clothes to wash and dry.  When the clothes finished drying, I began to fold them.  Some of the clothes needed to be hung up.  Finally, I brought the clothes into my room and I put them away.  It was nice to finally have clean clothes! As a new Yorker I take the underground, or subway, every day to get two and from work.  I always make sure to have my metrocard in my wallet, so if I ever need the subway I can always get on it.  I have many station locations memorized, but every now and then I need to consult a map to figure out where to go and where the closest station is.  Once I know I walk towards it, looking for the green globes on top of poles that indicate the station stairs are there and I can enter.  Sometimes I hear a subway roaring through the tunnels and I hurry down the steps to see if its my train.  Instead I see the express train speeding along the center track, because I am at a local stop and still have to wait for my train.  At the turnstile I swipe my card through the magnetic reader and the turnstile chimes and a green led light flashes go, and I can walk through the turnstile and onto the platform.  Once there I look down the tunnel and see the yellow glow of two train head lights.  The train is almost here so I step back and away from the edge and watch as the train pulls in, slowing down and stopping completely in the station.  Then I an all the other people pile in through the double doors.  There are enough seats so I sit down and the conductor announces the next stop, before the doors closing noise signals and the doors close shut.  We are soon speeding along, stopping at each stop to let people on and off.  Finally getting to my stop I get up and exit though another turnstile and take the stairs up and into a different neighborhood in the city.  The underground subway is so easy and fast, its the best way to get around and once you know how, you can go anywhere in the city. This morning for breakfast I started by making coffee. I threw the filter with used grounds from yesterday into the trash and put a new filter in the basket, I measured out five tablespoons of coffee into the filter and five cups of water which I dumped into the water reservoir and turned the coffee maker on. I decided I wanted to eat oatmeal and peanut butter toast. I dumped a package of apple cinnamon oatmeal into a bowl and added enough water to cover it, stirred it and put it in the microwave for two minutes to cook. I put two pieces of Italian bread into the toaster and toasted them. When the toast was done, I put peanut butter on both slices. I removed the oatmeal from the microwave and it was perfectly thick like I like it. I spooned the oatmeal on top of the peanut butter toast. I poured some coffee in a mug and added two spoonfuls of sugar and creamer and was ready to eat. I needed to wake up early this morning for work, but my alarm didn't go off.  I still got up early enough to be there on time, but I needed to change the batteries in my alarm clock before I left.  I got my alarm clock off of my nightstand and held it in my hand.  I walked to where I keep my batteries and grabbed a couple of them.  After I had the batteries in my hand, I turned the alarm clock over and took off the back plate where the batteries are kept.  The old batteries were taken out and thrown away.  After I did that, I placed the two batteries I had into the alarm clock.  There were two slots to put them in and that's where I placed the batteries.  I replaced the cover on the back of the alarm clock and put it back on my stand. A few months ago I went to the movie theater in my town with my husband. We had called ahead to see what movies were playing and what times they were being shown. We ended up setting on an action movie and picked the 7:00 PM showing. We drove to the theater and walked up to the ticket window at 6:30 PM to purchase two tickets for the movie. Afterwards, we went inside to the concession stand, and bought a large popcorn and two small cokes to drink. We carried these to the entrance of the theater, and handed our tickets to the collector, who directed us to the second theater on our right. We entered the theater, and noticed that most of the seats were empty. We decided to sit in the very top row towards the middle. We climbed up the steps until we reached this row and sat down carefully. We ate our popcorn until the movie started. Lately, I notice brown spots in my shower. I was using normal cleaner for bathroom. I think it was not working, so I bought Mr clear bathroom cleaner and it was 100% guaranteed. I  first cleaned bathroom with water spray, and scrub the floor and walls with some bleach.I kept it on walls for 10 minutes. It made a big difference. The most of the dirty spots were disappearing. There were some rusting spot, I did not know what to do. I tried 409 and somehow it worked. Those spots were very stubborn. The faucet in shower looked so dull, so I applied normal detergent liquid and it worked very well. Finally, the cleaner that bought, I sprayed at a time and cleaned square foot by square foot. AT the end when whole shower was covered and brushed well, I filled a bucket of water and with sponge I cleaned all walls and bottom. It was sparkling clean., Henry makes lists while he works, to get things done and to remind him of things for that day.  He does this also for shopping.  He starts his list for shopping by going through the kitchen, and checking anything he has missed or run out of.  Then he goes into the bathroom, to see what he needs to refill, and adds those to his list as well. By the time he has gone through the house, he has several things on the list.  He takes it to the grocery store, and goes through the whole list, checking things off as he goes. When he has all the list in his basket, he then buys everything he found, and brings it back to his home.  He is happy that he made the list, because he did not forget anything that he really needed to get and replace.  It also helps him save money by not getting things he does not need. The last time that I folded clothes, I did so in my room. This was an easy and relaxing process, but since I had a large load of clothes to fold, it was somewhat time consuming. I went through every piece of clothing and folded it in a similar and orderly fashion. While I folded the clothes, I put each one down next to me and watched the TV. Upon finishing this activity, I put some clothes in the drawer and I hung other articles of clothing up. I felt that my room seemed much more cleaner and I felt accomplished. Everything was in the place that it belonged and everything was dry and clean. This process was easy, but it did take a large amount of time due to the large amount of clothes that I had to fold. I should have taken it little by little instead of doing it all at once. It was an early Saturday morning so I decided to mow the lawn.  The grass was getting really tall because it was spring.  I changed into outside clothes and put on my hat and sunscreen, because it was a hot day.  I went outside and got my mower from the garage.  It did not have any gas, so I filled up the gas tank.  I started the mower.  Then I started with the front lawn.  I pushed the mower and started to mow the lawn.  I mowed the grass in rows, to make sure I didn't miss any grass.  I went around the trees and by the road.  After I was done with the front, I went to the back yard.  I mowed all of the grass, making sure to not mow the flowers.  Then, I was all finished, so I took my mower back to the garage and put it back where it goes. Yesterday, I went to a fast food restaurant. There is a new chain that opened across the street from my house and so I wanted to try them. Overall, it was nice. I walked inside and the place was clean, upkept, and I was greeted by the employees there who said hello to me. I took time to then study the menu - it was colorful but easy to read and I quickly decided what I wanted to eat. When I got to the register I gave the woman working there my order and paid, she gave me a ticket and said the meal would be right out. It was out a couple minutes later. It was very good, I got a burger and fries and they were both cooked well. I ate my food, threw my trash out, and left, with the employees wishing me a good day. I would go back. I don't usually mail letters, but there's is something that says "I care" more than an email, text message or, Facebook interaction. I went to the store to buy some nice stationary paper, colorful pens and envelopes. I then walked over to the post office and purchased some forever stamps with cute kittens on them. I knew my grammy would like them because she loves cats. I wrote her a letter just telling her I love her and told her things about her grand kids that would make her proud. Once I had written about a page I folded the letter into thirds so that it would fit perfectly into the envelope. I also enclosed some photographs of the kids and a picture each of them drew. I licked and sealed the envelope and applied a stamp to the front of the envelope in the upper right corn. I wrote her name and address front and center and my own in the top left corner. I drove to the nearest postal drop box and deposited the letter. It was time for me to take my driving lesson today. I had to take my lesson with three of my school friends. The instructor first went pick up another girl then that girl drove to my house to get me. I then drove my the other girls house to get her. We each took turns driving around. The instructor let us pick where we wanted to drive to; maybe the places we go most often. I chose to drive to the shopping mall and to my grandmas. We even went through the drive thru to order food. The only critic my driving instructor had for me was I went toward the shoulder of the road too much. I was just so scared to cross the center line I wanted to stay as far away from it as possible! Overall I think I did pretty good on my lesson. We shall see if I pass my driving test! John and Jerry love camping with their family.  They are brothers, and when their dad takes them camping, they get so happy!  Their dad took them on a trip a month ago, to a campground in the mountains.  It was very pretty, and it even had a place to park your camper, and set up your tents.  In the camp sites there was a little fire pit to make a fire on at night, and to cook with. When they got to the camp site, they made sure they set up their tents first.  Then they set up the fire, and put the coffee maker, and the food pots near the fire when they would use them for dinner.  Their dad always brings enough food , and he brings a treat too.  Usually, he brings smores to the camp site for the boys to make on the fire after dinner. Before dinner, they usually play outside at the campground with other kids, but when their dad calls them for dinner, they run back for dinner and smores! In the summer a camping trip is fun. I went with my niece and nephew to a state park for two days. First, we packed clothes, extra shoes, food, soap and toothpaste with toothbrushes. We also packed our tents, sleeping bags, and flashlights. Once we were all packed up we were read to go! We drove to the park and got our tents set up. They popped up easily and we staked them down carefully. Now we could enjoy the park. We hiked down to the river. An eagle soared above. After taking off our shoes and socks we hopped across from rock to rock. We grilled burgers and corn on the cob. Later in the evening we toasted marshmallows on crackers with chocolates. Of course, we told ghost stories by flashlight before going to sleep. The next morning, we enjoyed a hike, where we got to see a deer and lots of birds, then packed up and went home. Last week it snowed for the first time this winter. I decided to celebrate the snow by making some hot chocolate. In order to make my hot chocolate, I needed to first boil milk. In order to boil the milk, I first turned on my stove top and set the temperature to high. I then took out a saucepan and put the saucepan over the heat. Next, I went to my refrigerator. I took a half-gallon carton of milk out of the refrigerator. I put the carton on my kitchen counter, and then got out my measuring cups. I needed about two cups of milk to make my hot chocolate, so I poured and measured two cups of milk. I added the milk to the saucepan and covered the saucepan with a lid. I then returned the milk carton to the refrigerator. I kept a close eye on the saucepan until the milk started to boil. When the milk reached boiling point, it started to bubble. I removed the saucepan from the heat at that point. My sister and I decided that it would be a nice day to hang out to the beach. We wanted to be prepared, so we began to grab the items that we would need for the day. First, I went to my room to find my swimsuit, my sandals, my sunglasses, and my tote bag. I changed into my swimsuit, and put the sandals on my feet. Then, I grabbed a beach towel for each of us from the linen closet in the hallway. My sister reminded me that we need to protect our skin from the sun, so I went to the bathroom and opened the medicine cabinet to look for the sunscreen. I took it from the bottom shelf and threw it into my tote bag. Since the beach is close to our house, we decided to walk. We left our house, and walked for about 10 minutes until we got to the beach. Once we arrived at the beach, we had to look for a place to set down our things. My sister saw some of her friends, so we walked over to where they were sitting and placed our beach towels on the sand next to them. I sat down on my towel, and began putting on my body. My sister had to put the sunscreen on my back for me. I put on my sunglasses, and laid down to relax in the sun. It was a fun day. I traveled some by underground train while living in the San Francisco area. I lived across the bay and took the train to get there. Me and my girlfriend went to the station, it is called BART to stand for "Bay Area Rapid Transit", and paid a person at a counter to obtain a pass good for everywhere you want to go that day. Then we walked through the turnstiles and went down an escalator to the platform where the train pulls in. We waited about five or ten minutes and the train came whooshing in through the big tunnel. The sliding doors opened, people came out and we got on. The ride was very smooth, but sometimes it wobbled a bit. Thankfully there are posts and railings to hold on to. It took us to our destination, where we got off at a similar platform and went up the escalator. At the end of the day we took it back. My daughter and I took a road trip to Kearney, Nebraska.  We had no set plan for the day.  We were there just to see what all was there.  We stopped into the Vistor's Center and found a lot of information about what  there was to visit in Kearney.  My daughter's favorite place turned out to be the art museum.  This really surprised me!  As we parked the car in front of the museum, I explained to her that we had to speak softly, keep our hands off of the exhibits and not run around.  She had never been to a museum before.  The building was an old, big, stone building with several steps leading up to the main doors.  She raced up the steps and waited at the top for me.  When we opened the tall front doors we found out that the rooms were all spacious with high-ceilings.  There was a friendly guard there to greet us and a few other people like us who were there just to look around.  Each room featured a different type of art and one room was filled with just one artist's work.  My daughter took over 100 pictures of the art we saw that day and included a lot of those pictures in the scrapbook she made of our road trip to Kearney, Nebraska. The last time that I cleaned the bathroom, I felt like I really had to work hard to make sure it was clean because it had not been cleaned in a while. I was dreading this experience, but knew that it had to be done. I got cleaning spray, towels, rags, etc and started to clean. I first cleaned the toilet and made sure the seat and all around it was clean. I took the rug out of the bathroom and scrubbed the floor. While doing this, I left the bath water running so that I could use the water to clean. After cleaning the floor, I began to clean the tub and I scrubbed until every bit of dirt was cleaned up. I used spray and remained on my hands and knees trying to clean. I also cleaned around the faucet and made sure that the selves were clear and free of dust. This morning I decided to make breakfast for myself instead of buying breakfast at a cafe. I looked in the fridge and around my kitchen to see what ingredients I had and what I could make with them. I saw that I had eggs, cheese, and an assortment of veggies so I decided to make an omelette. First I cracked three eggs into a bowl and whisked them together, along with some salt and pepper. I then set the eggs aside. I turned on one of the stove burners and let a pan heat up while I chopped up some onion, green and red bell peppers, and spinach. I then poured olive oil into the pan and sauteed my veggies for a few minutes. Once the veggies were cooked, I poured my egg mixture into the pan. Then I grated some cheddar cheese on top and carefully folded the omelette using a spatula. Once the omelette was cooked through, I plated it and ate it for breakfast. It was delicious. I woke up very hungry one morning, so I decided I wanted to make an omelette for breakfast. I went down to the kitchen and got out all the supplies I would need. I got out a carton of eggs, green peppers, red peppers, black olives, and cheddar cheese. I got out a pan and put it on the stove. Then I turned on the stove to a medium temperature and cracked three eggs into the pan. I threw the eggshells in the trash and then got out a cutting knife and chopped up the green peppers, red peppers, and black olives. Once these were all chopped I poured them in with the eggs. After a minute or two, I added some cheese to the top. Then I took a spatula and folded one half of the omelette on top of the other. Finally, I scooped the omelette out of the pan and placed it on a plate to eat. I recently took a taxi when I was staying with a friend in Chicago.  The city is very busy, and parking can be hard to find, so it is often easier to take a taxi to get to place to place.  We had decided to go to dinner and see a play.  We walked to a street where taxis often go past, and waved to show the driver that we wanted a ride.  When we got in the taxi, the driver asked us where we wanted to go. I told the driver the name and address of the Thai restaurant my friend and I had planned to go to.  He was familiar with the location and we started to travel.  On he way, the driver told us that he also enjoyed Thai food and recommended the green curry at that restaurant.  As we were driving, I could see how much the cost of the trip would be as a screen displayed a slowly increasing cost.  We got to our destination, and I paid the driver the fee on the screen along with a small tip. My dog is very excited, and he runs around the house because he is so excited. I think this is a good time to take him for a walk. Walks are good for dogs so that they can use their energy up and get good exercise. It is just as important for dogs to exercise as it is important for people. I make sure my dog's collar is tight, but not too tight, and attach his leash to the metal loop on his collar. The leash and collar will make sure my dog stays close and can't run away. I open the front door outside while holding the leash and lead my dog outside, closing the door behind me. My dog is very happy to be outside, and pulls me in the direction he wants to go. I follow my dog where he wants to go, and let him walk close to me around my neighborhood. It is hot today, so my dog is tired after beings outside for a while. We head back inside to rest. Each morning I got to work across town. I walk three blocks to the underground station. I go down the stairs and then use my card to go through the ticket carousel. Once through, I moved to the side of the platform where my train comes. I stand near the end of the platform and watch the other passengers going about their day. Business people stand looking at their phones or staring off into space. School children clump together talking to each other, and parents hold their children's plans. I glance up at the sign board to see when my train is coming. Five more minutes it says. I wait, peering down the platform wishing it to come faster. Then it rolls into the station and the doors open. One or two people leave the car and I board. I move to the back of the car and take a seat. The train travels down the tracks, stopping every few minutes. After 6 stops, I hear the station name called that I need, get up, grab my bag and exit the car. I walk up the stairs and down the block to my office. Today I did my laundry. I picked up all of the worn, dirty clothes off of the floor and placed them in the hamper. The hamper was very full. I then sorted through the laundry in order to separate the dark colored clothes from the light colored clothes. I decided to wash only dark colored clothes today. I put these clothes in a laundry bag and took them to the laundry room in my apartment building, along with a bottle of laundry detergent and a roll of quarters, since the washing machine costs $2 and you can only pay with quarters. Luckily, there was a washing machine available to use. I poured one cupful of detergent into the machine. Then I placed the clothes in the machine. I selected the button for "cold water," so the colors would not bleed while they were being washed. I inserted the quarters into the slot and pressed the "start" button. It took 45 minutes for my clothes to finish washing. Last spring , I planted a tree in my backyard . When I was a kid , we always had apples , because we had two apple trees in our backyard . We used to make pies and applesauce and I wanted to have that at my house . I went to the local nursery and I found a 6 foot tree . With delivery , it was pretty expensive , but I figured it was worth it . I dug out an area in my backyard . I was surprised at how long it took and how much dirt that I had to move . Digging the hole took me the longest time of the whole process . I finally got that done and I stuck the tree in the ground . I read online about a fertilizer that was good for apple trees and mixed that in with the dirt as I was filling in the area around the roots . I do n't expect to get any apples this year and probably not next year , but the tree should be mature enough to start producing apples in the following years . The whole process took me about 3 hours to get the tree planted . I wish I would have paid someone to do it for me . It was hot and humid outside today, the burning sun beating down on poor Timothy's back all day long as he played outside at his baseball game. It was his first official game and he wasn't about to complain, he was having too much fun! By the time he got home, he was hot, sweaty and very very hungry- So hungry in fact that his stomach would not stop growling! He ran to the fridge in a hurry and grabbed the leftover hamburger meat from last night so he could have a cheese burger. He was about to put the meat on a hamburger bun before his mom stopped him, saying that the food had to be heated up first so he didn't get sick from the cold meat. His mom took the food and put it in a pot on top of their gas stove, turned the stove on which lit up the flame using gas and heat, and in no time his food was cooked, warm and ready to eat! He really enjoyed that burger, so much so that he asked for seconds! My sons Todd 's hair seemed to grow at an exceptionally fast rate compared to other four year olds . It seemed as if every single week he needed a hair cut . He would fret every time he knew we were going and even threw tantrums . But once we get there things seemed to be smoother with him . We would grab a seat and wait for our favorite barber to get an opening . As soon as he did Todd would run up to him and sit in the chair knowing he would get ice cream if he sat still . The barber draped a piece of plastic around Todd 's shoulder so that hair would n't get on his clothes . The sound of the hair clippers tiny motor always had my boy on edge but he always sticks it out like a champ . Fifteen minutes later a brand new child walks out of the barber shop ; clean shaven and ready for a cool yummy treat .  My classmates and I needed to plant a nice tree in front of the new school building that was just built this year . I wanted to find a tree that would last a quite long time . We found a nice pine tree that was just large enough to be a foot . We dug a nice hole in the ground , and insured the soil was the proper type to accept a tree of this size . It had to be nice and soft , and in a safe location where kids wo n't trample over it . I dug the hole about 4 '' '' deep and insured it was wide enough for the tree . We planted the tree and began to fill in the surrounding area of it with soil to make sure it would hold in place as perfect as possible . The tree looked perfect and was ready to withstand the first school year outside the new building . Yesterday, I had an appointment to visit the doctor. Nothing was the matter with me; it was just an annual check-up. I arrived at the doctor's office, checked in, and presented my health insurance card. I had a five dollar co-pay. After I checked in, I sat down in the waiting room, which was empty. Soon, a nurse called my name; it was time for my appointment. She weighed me and measured my height. Then, she told me she would take my blood pressure. She put a cuff around my arm and secured it with Velcro. The cuff tightened and then loosened. My blood pressure was normal. After the blood pressure test, the nurse took my pulse. Then, she told me to put on a blue gown and wait for the doctor, who was in a room with another patient. The nurse then left the room. Fortunately, I didn't have to wait too long for the doctor to arrive. When I clean the floor I usually make sure I dust all the counter tops first.  I go through and clean all the surfaces so that the floor has all the crumbs on it.  After I clean the tops of the counters I go through with a vacuum and get all the debris from the floor.  I usually go over everything twice just to make sure I got it all.  After I finish with the vacuum I usually get my swiffer out.  Before I mop I removed all rugs and chairs from the area.  I will spray the floor with a solution.  Once the floor is covered I go through the entire floor with the mop pad until everything has been scrubbed.  Once I finish I usually take a second look around just to make sure that I did not miss any spots and that there isn't any pool of liquid around. My wife and I decided to make a vegetable soup for dinner tonight. She was in charge of looking at the recipe and getting the ingredients out. After all that we needed was out I went ahead and chopped the necessary vegetables into bite size pieces. While I was cutting she brought out the big soup pot to make the soup in. I had all the ingredients in dishes so it was easy to put them in one at a time. My wife started by turning the heat on the pot full of water. Since she knew the recipe she told me what to add and at what moment. After about ten minutes everything was in the pot and just needed to finish cooking. We set the lid and waited for 45 minutes for it to finish cooking. Soon the whole house was filled with the smell of fresh veggie soup. This is when we knew it was ready to eat. I poured us some soup and we enjoyed our hard work. My favorite thing to make when my friends come over for breakfast is scrambled eggs. My friends love them too because they are quick and easy to make. I crack the eggs into a bowl and then add some water or milk. I like milk better because it makes for fluffier eggs. Then I whisk them with a fork until everything is blended. My friends like their eggs cooked in butter so I heat a pan on the stove and then coat it in butter. Once the butter is melted I add the eggs. This is when I ask my friends if they want cheese and they all scream, "Yes, of course we want cheese!" So I add cheese and other spices. My friend Sammy likes to scramble the eggs so I hand him the spatula and let him stir the eggs about while they cook. soon there is a heaping pan full of eggs which we scoop into plates to eat. I clean my bathroom several times each week.  Having a clean bathroom is really important.  The first thing I do is clean the toilet.  I put in cleaning solution and scrub the toilet with a toilet brush.  Then I clean the window and mirror with glass cleaner.  After that, I disinfect the counters and sink with all purpose cleaner.  I then scrub the bath tub.  Next, I sweep the floors making sure I get all of the hair, dirt and dust.  After I'm done sweeping, I mop the floor with hot water and soap.  As I leave the bathroom, I grab the trash can and empty it out, and replacing it with a freshly lined trash can.  I let the floors dry.  Once I know the floors are dry, I light a candle in the bathroom so it leaves the bathroom smelling fresh, clean and inviting.  My bathroom will remain clean for a few days, until which point I have to clean it again. We feed our fish at the same time every day, so I have a small clock alarm by the fish bowl.  Yesterday the alarm went off.  I went and turned off the alarm.  I picked up the fish food container from the counter, but it was all out.  I got in my car and went to the pet store.  I bought some more fish food from the pet store.  I rushed home because I was worried that my fish was hungry.  I got home and went inside.  I opened the container of fish and reassured the fish that food was coming.  I turned the top of the fish container to open it up, and turned it upside down over the fish tank.  I tapped the container several times, and fish food fell onto the surface of the water.  The fish swam quickly to the food and gobbled it up.  That fish was sure hungry! The first thing I do when my baby wakes up in the morning is change his diaper. After I pick him up, I walk over to his changing table and lay him down. Now I have to undress him so I am able to get to his dirty diaper. I then take off the dirty diaper and set it to the side while I wipe him up with a baby wipe. I put the baby wipe inside the dirty diaper and roll it up then throw it away in the garbage can. Now he needs a new clean diaper. I open the clean diaper and lift up my baby's legs to put the back of the diaper under his butt. Then I attach the front of the diaper to the front of the diaper with the sticky tabs attached to the diaper. I check to make sure the diaper is not on too tight and then I get my baby dressed and hes all done getting his diaper changed! The first thing that I do when I'm driving a car is find my keys. Once I find my keys, I open the driver's side door and I get into the seat. Once I sit in the seat, I take a look at my mirrors, and I look to see if I am satisfied with their locations. Then I put on my seatbelt. I put my keys into the ignition and start the car. Once the engine is running, I put the car into reverse and I back out of my driveway. Once I get into the street, I quickly put the car into drive. While I drive, if I want to go to the right, I turn my steering wheel toward the right. If I want to go left, I turn my steering well left. While I'm driving, I keep a close eye on my surroundings. Are there any people walking in the street? Are there any dogs about to run into the road? If so, I need to pay close attention to where they are so I don't accidentally run into them. I also need to keep myself up to date about the weather---does it look like rain? I better be prepared to use my windshield wipers and turn on my headlights. The most important thing I watch out for when I'm driving, though, is other cars. If I know where the other cars are, and can make good guesses about what the drivers of those cars will do next, I'm in good shape. I had been stressed all day.  There was so much going on at school and at work.  The only thing that ever seems to relax me is a good glass of tea.  Fortunately I had several bags at home.  I picked out a bag of tea that is perfect for stress and I boiled a pot of water.  I put the tea bag into a mug and waited for the water to come to a boil.  After a few minutes, the water was finally hot enough.  I took the kettle of water and poured it over the teabag for just enough for one cup.  I dunked the bag a bit, and let it steep.  I waited for the tea to finish steeping and cool off, then I went back and got my mug.  It tasted wonderful!  Best of all, my stress level dropped dramatically.  All it took was a glass of tea! I picked out a nice wallpaper design that I liked in a store. Once I got home after you I paid for it, I picked a spot on a wall that I wanted to start with. The back of the wallpaper was sticky, so I had to be careful. I held the paper in front of my starting point and made sure that the paper was straight. I started pressing the paper against the wall from the bottom or top first, and slowly pressed towards the other side. I was sure to press everywhere on the paper and got all the bubbles out so the paper stuck well and looked nice. I did the same further down the wall until I covered every part of the wall except the doorway. For the doorway I had to cut out small pieces of the paper to fit around the door, while being very careful that the cuts were straight and looked nice. The room now had new wallpaper and looked very good. We decided to invite our relatives for a dinner for the coming weekend. And as a part of the cleaning required, I really wanted to do it perfectly. Our carpet which we put in the living room under the small table is an original from Rajasthan. It is a time consuming task and I went for it in a big way. I removed the carpet from under the Tea table and dragged it carefully to the open area near our dining room and placed it in such a way that I can see it clearly. It is heavy and beautifully designed colorfully. I had to rearrange the dining table and chairs to accommodate it in the room. I took my time vacuuming it as there is a big area to cover. I started from one corner and dragged the vacuum cleaner slowly and steadily to the next corner and completed all the four sides and gently continued to the middle portion of the carpet. After almost 45 minutes, I completed the vacuuming with satisfaction. Several years ago, my family was moving into a house that, based on what we saw, was abandoned. It was left full of belongings with graffiti on the walls, rotten food in a broken refrigerator, spiderwebs in every corner, and so on. After a few months, my parents, along with help from some relatives, began to clean out the house. One of the last things that they did before we began moving in was take out the carpets in some of the rooms. Instead of carpets, my parents wanted to put tile in the bedrooms that they took the carpets out of. They went to the hardware store and picked out a type of tile that they liked the best, and bought enough of it to cover the floors. They then proceeded to use cement that they bought to lay the tile on the ground one square at a time. They did eventually cover the entire floors, and though it took some time, it looked very nice. My tooth hurt, so I decided to go to the dentist. I called ahead and made an appointment for later that day. I drove over to the dentist and waited for my turn. They called me in and I sat with the dentist and told him what was bothering me. He got some instruments out and looked inside of my mouth at the tooth that was bothering me. He said that it looked like a cavity, but he wasn't sure. He told me I would need x-rays. He brought me into the next room and had me bite down on a plastic device while the machine took x-rays of my mouth. We waited a while for them to get done and talked about my teeth. When they were done, he showed me that it was indeed a cavity, and that I would have to come back to get it filled. I made an appointment for the next week and left. It was a good visit, and I'm glad I went! This morning, I left the house in my 2010 Hyundai Elantra. I used the remote access device attached to my keys to unlock the door and got in, putting coffee in my cup holder. I put the key in the key in the ignition, twisting it to start my car and then adjusted the gear shift to reverse to pull out, then to drive to make my way out of my neighborhood. I cruised down 54, stopping at the occasional traffic light. There were a few pedestrians, but no one ignored the rules of the road, and I gave them their right of way when it was their turn at the crosswalks. I passed large school bus and the kids waved at me, so I waved back with a smile. My commute takes half an hour and I completed it in time to get into work early. I drove through the above ground parking deck, swiping my key card for access, until I reached the third level. I pulled into the parking space near the front of the building and set the gear to park. I got out of my card and locked it with the remote. I love taking photographs, and when I see a good opportunity to take one, I get my camera right out. I like to take photographs of many things, like people and objects, but today I'm taking a picture of a sunset. I set up my camera to be still on my tripod, but sometimes I like to set it on an object or just hold it in my hands. I check the settings on the camera to make sure the photo doesn't come out too bright or took dark. Then, I take my pictures! I like to take a lot of pictures of a single scene, so I can choose which ones are the best compared to the others. Once I'm done taking my photo, I put everything away in my bag for my camera equipment. Taking photos with a camera is very rewarding, and makes for memories that will last forever! Jess never boiled milk before but watches her father do it often.  He takes a couple cups of milk, and pours it into a pan.  He turns the heat up to medium, not high.  If he turns it up too fast, it would burn the milk on the bottom of the pan. So, he is careful not to do that.  He stirs the milk constantly, until it gets to the boiling point. He uses a wire whisk to stir it. This is a good way to make sure the bottom does not burn.  You know if you are burning the milk if the milk starts to smell like it is burning, or tastes like it is burnt.  Jess's father does a nice job with the milk, and pours it into two cups for them to add what he wants to the warm milk.  He likes vanilla and sugar, so he adds that to their milk to drink. The other day my family and I decided that we wanted to go on a picnic. The weather was nice so it was a great day for it. So I began to pack all of the things that we would need for our picnic. Of course we needed some food. I packed us all a sandwich, a piece of fruit, and a couple of cookies. Then I found a nice blanket that we could lay down on the ground for us to sit on while we ate. I put all of the things in the basket that I had found. Before we left I remembered to grab some water. We then walked down to the park down the street and laid out the blanket and proceeded to enjoy the wonderful picnic lunch that we had brought with us. It was a great time out in the beautiful park near our house. Yesterday was my turn to wash the dishes.  I first unloaded all of the dishes that were currently in the dishwasher to make space for the new round.  I took all of the dishes off of the table and made sure they had been rinsed to avoid any food being left over.  I plugged up one side of the sink and turned on some hot water to fill it up.  As it was pouring, I put in some dishwashing soap to make that side of the sink the soap side.  As each dish got finished being rinsed, I placed them in the soapy tub to get disinfected.  I would place them in there for a couple of minutes and then move them over to the drying dock.  After all the dishes were done being soaped, I cleaned up the sink from any extra food that may have been sitting around. Today I did chores around the house. One of these chores was unloading the dishwasher. First I opened up the dishwasher. There were a lot of dishes because I had a group of friends over for dinner last night. The first thing I took out of the dishwasher was the drinking glasses. There were five glasses. I put them back in the cupboard. Next, I unloaded the plates. I stacked the plates on top of each other and put the stack back in their place in the cabinet. After unloading the plates, I retrieved the bowls from the dishwasher and put them back on their shelves. Lastly, I unloaded the utensils from the dishwasher. The utensils included knives, forks, spoons, and measuring spoons, such as a tablespoon and teaspoon. After I was done putting away the utensils, the job was done. The dishwasher was empty. I felt good about accomplishing this chore. Last month I went on a trip to Mexico . I was excited because I had never been to Mexico or flown on a plane before and I was going to get to do both . I booked my flight months in advance to be sure I would have transportation to my vacation destination . The day I was about to leave I went to the airport hours in advance because I was nervous and excited . I checked in at the correct terminal where the flight was supposed to leave from . A nice lady checked my ticket and confirmed that my flight was on schedule . I then proceeded to the security check station where officers checked my bags and personal belongings . After the quick screening and a short wait my plane boarded . I found my seat next to the window and was full of excitement . After some short instructions the plane taxied the runway and then sped up in a flash . I watched as the tires left the ground and we took to the sky . After several hours in the air the plane descended and touched down on a runway in Mexico . I was excited to get my vacation started .  One day when I was riding my bicycle , and I realized my back tire was getting low . I walked the bicycle back home and pulled out my patch kit . After removing my back tire from the bicycle I let the remaining air out from the valve , and used the small tool on the edge of the tire , to lift the tire away and clicked the tool onto one of the spokes . Using more of the tools , I continued to lift the tire away from the rim until I could easily remove the rest of the tire with my fingers . By this time , the inner tube was exposed , and pushing the valve through , I removed the tube completely from the tire . I put the tube into a bucket of water , and used the air pump to pump air back into the tube , and watched for bubbles to see where the hole was . I kept a close eye on where the hole was , and taking the tube out of the bucket , I dried the tube with a towel . I used the small sandpaper from the kit , and carefully roughed the area around the hole . I then chose a patch . A round one for a puncture , or the rectangle for a slice . I placed glue on the patch , and firmly placed it on the tube . I was very careful , because last time I got glue on my fingers , and my fingers felt funny for days ! I went for some lemonade while I waited for the patch to dry . Boy , that lemonade was good on such a hot day . I tried pumping some air back in the tube , and carefully watched around the patch , to make sure no air was leaking . I was in luck , the patch was good . I carefully replaced the tube into the tire , and used the small tools to replace the tire into the rim and used the air pump to fill it back up . Now I was ready for more adventures !  When I woke up this morning, I decided that the first I was going to do was to take a shower and wash my hair.  I didn't want to get my clothes wet, so I undressed and stepped into the shower.  I turned the water on and waited to the side until the water warmed up.  Then I put my hair underneath the water and started to scrub my head.  After my hair was wet, I reached down and grabbed the shampoo that I was currently using.  It ran out, so I reached for another one.  I put the liquid in my hands and started rubbing them together.  When my hands were foamy, I rubbed them through my hair and started to scrub.  I let the soap sit in my hair for a few minutes before I dunked my head under the water to make it all wash off of me. I was babysitting for a friend who had a six month old baby girl. My friend had just left to go run some errands when I noticed that it smelled like Savannah's diaper needed to be changed. I pulled out her changing mat, gloves, and some wipes. I unfolded the changing mat on the ground, put on some gloves, and gently placed the baby on the changing mat. I unbuttoned the baby's onesie and took off her dirty diaper. I rolled the dirty diaper into itself and placed it in the diaper disposal can right next to me. I used some wipes to clean the baby off, then took a new diaper out of her diaper container. I opened up the new diaper and lifted up the baby's legs to put the diaper underneath her. I wrapped the diaper around the front and affixed the adhesive parts of the diaper to the front. I made sure the diaper was secure so there wouldn't be any leaking, and then I rebuttoned the baby's onesie. After a long day at work , the thing I want and love the most is a hot bath . I like to run the water very hot ! I like bubbles added , the kind that smell like mangoes . I pour a glass of wine while the water runs , and bring it with me into the bathroom . Once the tub is full , I finally allow myself to get in . Ah , perfect ! I lay back and let the hours of work just slip away . Sometimes I 'll bring a book in with me and sink into a good story as the hot water dulls away any aches and pains . I sip on my wine and enjoy the soft popping bubbles around me . When I have finally had enough , I 'll slowly drain the tub , and then get up and dry off with a huge fluffy towel . After taking a bath I always feel refreshed and relaxed !  Today, I made a rather large breakfast consisting of eggs, yogurt, cereal and granola, and assorted fruits, including strawberries, blueberries, oranges, and sliced watermelon bits. I first threw the eggs on the stove pan and supplemented the edibles with salt and pepper - an American tradition. Next, I starting slicing and dicing the various food types I bought at the grocery store yesterday night. Unfortunately, I had no meat on hand, but I suppose this is beneficial and less damaging to the environment. The cereal and granola were easy, and were eventually mixed and added to a bowl of lush, thick, 2% milk. Next comes the absolute best part: I proceeded to devour the bulk of the preparation in one fell swoop. The food was short lived, but oh so satisfying. I have been watching my calories recently, so this meal was the perfect way to stay a beautiful, fit day. My dog had drank a lot of water and was very excited to go out. I wanted to take him for a long walk, so I had to be prepared. I grabbed some bags to clean up his mess when we were outside. I put the bags in my pocket. I picked up his leash. I made sure I attached the leash in the proper way to his collar, so he would not accidentally break free of his leash. When he has his leash on and was ready, I put on my shoes and headed toward the door. I wanted to take him somewhere with a lot of grass, so I walked toward the park. Along the way he stopped to use the bathroom. He stopped to be petted and seen by other dogs. We walked for a long while and I used the bags to pick up any mess he made along the way. It was very fun. I love macaroni and cheese, actually shells and cheese are my favorite.  I could eat them every day.   I decided it was time to learn how to make them for myself, so I watched my mom as she was making dinner one night.  She put a pot of water on to boil as I stood behind her watching her every more.    I shook the box of pasta, and the hard shells rattled against the box.  When the water started boiling mom added the pasta to the water and stirred it with a spoon.  She set a timer on the stove for eight minutes to remind her to check on the pasta.  It was a long eight minutes when you are hungry.  She pulled a colander out of the cabinet and placed it in the sink.  Finally the timer dinged, and she removed the boiling water and pasta from the stove and poured it into the colander.  The water went through the tiny holes and left the cooked pasta in the bowl.  She added the steamy noodles back to the pot and added cheese.  Finally, Macaroni! Greg was sitting in his house one summer day and saw that his lawn needed to be mowed. Greg went to his backyard and opened the shed, in the shed he saw his mower. Greg then pushed the mower out of the shed and tried to turn it on. The mower wouldn't start, it was out of gas. Greg looked in his shed for some gas and lucky for him, he found some. he took the gas can and filled the mower up with gasoline.  Greg then started up the mower and started cutting the grass, after that he turned off the mower and pushed it back into the backyard. He pushed the mower into the shed and felt very accomplished he went inside and he worked so hard that he got a snack from the fridge and then he took a shower and then went to sleep. I made plans to cook a special meal for myself on my birthday. Pondering on what I would like to have for my special meal, I flipped through a few cookbooks and landed on shrimp alfredo. I can recall this recipe being phenomenal. My favorite pasta is angel hair pasta, which I already had in my pantry, and all the other ingredients were in the refrigerator. I begin preparing my meal by putting a large pot of water to boil, adding a pinch of salt, and a drizzle of olive oil. Once the water began to boil rapidly I dropped my pasta in and stirred, then I let it boil for about seven minutes. I prepared my sauce as the pasta boiled. To check the pasta I tasted one string of it, perfect, the pasta was drained. I plated my special meal, first the pasta then the sauce and a sprinkle of parsley. Delicious!!! With a bright flash, the light was no more and it was suddenly dark. The light bulb in our kitchen had burned out. Since I wanted to be able to see clearly in my kitchen, I made a short walk to our supply closet hoping that a spare light bulb would be there. Fortunately, we had one spare light bulb available, so I took it out of the package and headed to the kitchen. I could not reach the old light bulb without help, so I had to use a footstool to reach the light bulb located up near the ceiling. I carefully stepped up on the footstool and removed the old light bulb and threw it away in the trash can. Then I installed the new light bulb and the light immediately returned. Now I was able to see the kitchen clearly again. However, I'll need to go to the store soon since I'm now out of light bulbs. I was almost out of gas in my car yesterday. The red low fuel light came on. I new I only had about one gallon of gas left in the gas tank. So I could only drive about 30 miles. I was on my way home and not in a hurry. I found a gas station and pulled in. I forgot what side the opening was to put the gas into my car so had to drive to a different pump on the same side of the car to put the gas in. I do not like how gas smells so I go to the other side of the car while it is filling up. I found some trash in my car and gathered it all up and threw it away. The gas tank was filled up and I turned off the gas pump. I am glad to be done with this. This morning before going to work I washed my hair. I wash my hair every morning before going to work. I like washing my hair first thing in the morning because it gives me time to wake up. I washed my hair in the shower this morning in the bathroom. I turned on the shower and gave it time for the water to get hot. While the shower was heating up I got a dry towel to hang on the shower rail to use later to dry off. Once the shower got hot I got into the shower. I got my hair wet and put some hair conditioner into my hand. I put the hair conditioner into my hair. It felt good rubbing the conditioner into my hair. Then I rinsed the conditioner out of my hair and did the same thing with the shampoos. Now my hair is clean and pretty. This morning, I noticed our family cat's food and water dishes were empty.  It was time to feed our cat!  On the floor of our kitchen pantry there is a supply of cat food in several varieties.  We like to feed our cat both "wet" and "dry" cat food.  Wet cat food is usually moist and comes in cans.  Dry cat food generally comes in bags or boxes, much like the breakfast cereals people eat come in bags or boxes.  And, of course, dry cat food is dry.  Although we have wet cat food flavors ranging from seafood to pork, our cat enjoys chicken the most, so I opened a can of chicken-flavored cat food and placed its contents in her food bowl.  Next I scooped a good-size portion of dry cat food and placed it in the cat's food bowl.  Finally, I put fresh water in a separate bowl.  Once finished, our cat enthusiastically approached her food bowl and began eating.  She purred as she ate. My baby boy woke me up last night.  He was crying very loudly.  I got up to see why he was crying so much.  I picked him up to comfort him.  I noticed that his diaper was full.  I laughed out loud.  I realized that was the reason why he was crying.  I got ready to change him.  First I went into the bathroom and washed my hands.  I got a diaper from the closet.  I also grabbed some moist wipes.  I put the boy on his back on the bed.  I put a towel underneath him.  He likes to have his diaper changed, so he was happy.  I took off his diaper and set it next to him.  I cleaned him up with the wipes and placed the dirty wipes in the used diaper.  I put his new diaper on, and threw the old diaper away.  I put the towel from the bed in the laundry.  He was so happy to have a clean diaper! Last week I have prepared a shopping list along with my mother. We needed some groceries, milk and household items. First we took note of all needed items. I noted down the groceries to be bought as listed by my Mother. Then I added bread, oil, milk and milk products needed for the upcoming week. Then my father had some things to be shopped including his shaving cream, bath liquid and shoe polish. I added them in the list. Then I noted down the school stationary needed for me and my little sister. Then, we discussed for the missing things. Then we found out that we are in shortage of toilet tissues and kitchen towels. I added them in the list too. By preparing the shopping list I came to know the things needed for our house. It was really a good and fun experience to get the shopping list prepared. It was time to do the dishes.  I picked up the dishes from the table and everywhere else around the house.  I put them in the sink in the kitchen.  I found the dishwashing liquid under the sink.  I poured a bit of the liquid into the sink as I was running the water.  I used hot water, as I find that the hot water works best for getting my dishes clean.  I did other little tasks around the house as I let the dishes soak in the soapy water.  When the dishes had sat for a good while, I decided to start scrubbing them.  I grabbed a rag and started washing them inside and out.  I ran some water in the other basin so that I could rinse the soap off.  After I rinsed the dishes, I set them in a dish drainer.  I let the dishes dry off before saving them. One of my favorite daily rituals involves making coffee. I do it every single day at least once, and sometime twice. I am not sure if it is the flavor of the coffee or the smell and sound of the coffee that I enjoy the most. The first thing I do when I wake up is change my clothes and brush my teeth. The very next thing I do is head to the kitchen to make coffee. I first choose my cup for the day. My favorite is an insulated stainless steel lidded cup that keeps the coffee burning hot. Next, I fill the cup with water and pour it into the coffee maker. I then add coffee grinds to the coffee maker single serving basket. I also push the grinds down with a small juice cup, in hopes that it makes it stronger. I press start and the drip begins! 5 minutes later, I have a cup of coffee in my cup. I add some flavored creamer, place my lid on and I am set for the day. The family and I decided it was time to paint a wall in the hallway a new color. We talked about it and everyone suggested their favorite color. After a short conversation we decided on turquoise. Everyone got into the car to go to Lowe's to pick up some paint and supplies. We went to the display with the colored squares and found the one that was closest to the color we had picked and handed that square to the person working so she could mix it for us. When we had the paint it was time to get other supplies. We bought a paint roller with a tray and two paint brushes and some tape to keep everything neat. We got in the car and went back home. We used the tape to separate the area to be painted so that the color would not get anywhere we did not want it. We set up the tray and paint roller then passed out brushes. Everyone took turns painting the wall. We rested when we were finished to give the paint time to dry. Every week I make a shopping list with the intentions of sticking to it and not buying extra things but more importantly, remembering all the things I really need to get. I put a date on the top so I know it is this weeks list and list everything I need to get for that week. Sometimes l list the store next to the item if I need to make a special trip to a special kind of store. For groceries, the list is just random. I like to group them if they are related or located in a nearby section in the grocery store but it's generally random as I think about each item. I may draw boxes or line to separate the categories or stores. Generally, I use a weird color ink so I easily recognize that it is my list and it makes shopping errands happen more quickly and efficiently. Last week we planned for a picnic in our family. As part of it, we wanted some drink to get prepared. Instead of buying bottled juice, we planned to prepare fresh orange juice. I and my brother Kevin took the responsibility to prepare the juice. Our parents shopped good, fresh oranges. I and Kevin peeled the oranges well. Once we done peeling all the oranges, we blend them all using a blender. Then we filtered the juice with a filter to get pure juice. Kevin tasted the juice and complained that the juice was very tangy. So we added some water and sugar to it to get good taste. If we add more water, the taste of the juice will get spoiled. So we added water little by little. Finally we got good taste. We asked our mom to taste the juice and finalize it. She also liked the juice and we were very happy on the preparation of our first fresh orange juice. The doorbell rang. I was not expecting anyone to visit today. It was unusual for the doorbell to ring in the morning because most of my friends and family were at work. Maybe it was one of my neighbors needing something. Maybe it was someone selling something. I got up from my place at the table where I was working on my book. I am a writer and I work from home. I was cautious as I approached the door. I pulled back the curtains slightly on the window next to the door and looked out. I wanted to see who was ringing the bell before I opened the door. It pays to be cautious these days. If it is someone I don't know, a stranger, I will answer the door with the chain still hooked and ask what they need. It was the mailman, bringing me a package. I answered the door and signed for the package. I was sitting in my living room reading a book when suddenly I heard the doorbell ring. I wasn't expecting anyone, so I didn't know who it could be. Thinking that I should answer it, I got up and walked across the living room, into the foyer and over to the door. I looked out the peephole in my door and saw it was someone from the gas company. "Just one second," I said, as I undid the latch to unlock the door. I opened the door and greeted the man. "Hi, how are you?" I asked. "Just fine," he said. "I'd like to take a look at the meter to see if it's working properly." I then left the house and went around back to let him in the gate into the back yard, then I went back, closed the door and went back to reading my book. This morning, I made breakfast for myself and my family. I made scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, and toast. We had two types of bread in the house - whole wheat and cinnamon raisin. I chose to toast the cinnamon raisin bread, because I thought the sweetness would be a nice compliment to the saltiness of the bacon and eggs. I placed two slices of the bread in the toaster at a time. I did this three times, for a total of six slices of bread. We all like our bread only slightly toasted, so this did not take a long time. Once they were all toasted, I spread a thin layer of butter onto each slice of toast. Then I placed two slices of toast on each plate, along with three strips of bacon and a pile of scrambled eggs. I poured everyone a glass of orange juice and then we sat down to eat breakfast together. It tasted delicious. My daughter and I went to the grocery store with one thing in mind.  We wanted to cook fish for dinner.  We bought fresh tilapia from the fish counter.  After we took the tilapia home, we began our preparation.  We retrieved a pan from the cabinet, put some oil in it, and squeezed one whole lemon in the oil.  We turned the heat to medium high.  I was so excited because my daughter was able to help me with all of these steps as she just turned 9 last week.  We laughed and danced while the oil was heating up.  We then proceeded to put the fish in the oil .  We added a small amount of garlic and pepper to the top and let it simmer for a few minutes.  While it was simmering my daughter told me about her day at school.  She had a busy day so it was nice to hear all about it.  We flipped the fish over and let it cook for another 3-4 minutes and then it was done.  We ate that tilapia with mashed potatoes and a salad.  It was delicious. Last night I made hamburgers and fries for dinner. First, I got out a frying pan and placed it on the burner. I also preheated the oven. I pulled out burger patties from the fridge and placed them in the hot skillet. While they were frying, I got frozen French fries out of the freezer, put them on a baking sheet, and put them in the oven once it had preheated. I set the timer for 16 minutes, which was the recommended on the fry bag. I also got out the hamburger buns, ketchup, mustard, onion, cheese, pickles, and lettuce for people to put on their burgers. By this time, the burgers were ready to be flipped, which I did using a metal spatula. The timer went off for the fries, so I took them out of the oven carefully with oven mitts on and set them out to cool. I got out plates and napkins and set the table. Once the burgers were ready, we served ourselves and made up our burgers. Recently when my family visited the local food bank, they gave us a lot of oranges. Not knowing what to really do with all these oranges, I came up with the idea of making fresh juice out of them. In order to do this, I knew that we needed to peel the oranges, and we needed to but them inside of a blender or food processor. We had all of this, so we figured it would be easy. One by one, I peeled all of the oranges. My mom cut them open to take out as much of the seeds as possible. Once we were sure that she got out enough of the seeds, we put the oranges in the blender and blended it into a perfect juice. We each had a glass of the juice right then and there and stored the rest in a pitcher in the refrigerator. We all agreed it was some of the best juice we ever had. I need to go grocery shopping this weekend so I am in the process of making a shopping list. I'll look through my fridge, freezer and cabinets to see what I am low on and need to restock that I use regularly; coffee, stevia, mint tea bags, paper towels. I'll also check to see if I need anything like shampoo or deodorant. When I get the grocery store ads and coupons in the mail I will look through to see what is on sale or what I have a coupon for and I will plan my meals based on what I can get at a good price. Once I have figured out meals I'll check to see if there are ingredients that I already have. I will then make my list organized according to what I can get at what store. I do the majority of my shopping at one store so that will be the big chunk of the list but there are some things that I have to go to other stores for, I will put that on the other side of the paper. Once I have my list made, I'll double check it and head out to go shopping. The front lawn was getting shaggy, so I decided to mow the grass. I put on my sunscreen and changed into my mowing shoes, and then went to the garage to get the mower. I first checked to see if it needed gas, and then added some from the gas can I keep in the garage. Now that I was ready to mow, I put on my work gloves, and rolled the mower outside. Then I opened the gas flow on the engine and then shifted the throttle lever to the bunny rabbit setting, for full. Then I pulled the cord fast, and the mower started up. I moved the throttle lever down to the work setting and shifted the blade lever to on, and started mowing. I started right in front of the house, making a big circle to border by the street. I was sure to mow so I was facing oncoming traffic, because my house doesn't have a sidewalk. I kept mowing in a big circle until I got into the middle, where the bird bath is. I moved it aside, mowed that patch, and then the front lawn was done. I took the mower back into the garage, closed the gas flow lever, and then went inside and had a lemonade. When I went on vacation last year with my parents , we took a trip on a train for part of it . We picked the route we wanted to take to go visit my uncle , and had everything ready the day before , such as our suitcases . When the day arrived for us to go , my dad drove us to the train station where we parked in a designated lot , since we would be returning to the same train station . We then headed to the train station and went inside where my dad purchased our tickets . We had some extra time , so we wandered around and found a little gift shop where we could buy souvenirs . When it was time to board our train , we walked through the station to get to the correct area . There were long hallways to get there , and then we went up a concrete pathway to where the train was outside . We had to give the ticket taker our tickets so she could verify we were getting on the right train . We all gathered in the train and found some seats that had n't been taken . We stored our luggage and prepared for the train to begin its journey . Once it was time to leave , we watched out the windows at all the passing scenery . After awhile , we all started doing our own thing like reading or playing cards to pass the time . It was a lot of fun and really neat to take a train trip .  When I woke up this morning I wanted to drink coffee. I got out of bed and went to the kitchen. I took the coffee pot off of the base and brought it to the sink. I rinsed it well, then refilled it water. I filled it with enough water to make six cups, to the line that said six. I lifted the back of the coffee maker, where the water goes, and poured the water from the pit into it. Once I did that I placed the pot itself back on the base. I went to the cupboard and got out the can of coffee grounds. I grabbed a coffee filter as well. I put the coffee filter into the filter crate. I then carefully, using a spoon, measure three table spoons of coffee grounds from the can, putting them into the coffee filter. I closed the coffee filter crate and plugged the coffee maker in. I pressed the on button and waited for my delicious coffee to drip down in to the pot. Yesterday I decided to vacuum the carpet in my house. I always do it on the same days of the week in order to keep a pretty clean house. I got the vacuum out of the closet and picked up everything up off of the floor. After I plugged the vacuum in I proceeded to vacuum the carpet of the living room and playroom. After I was done with these rooms I had to move to different rooms. I unplugged the vacuum and moved to the hallway where I would have enough cord to access the other rooms that I needed to vacuum. I turned on the vacuum and proceeded to vacuum the hallway, the master bedroom, and my daughters room. When I got to my sons room I found that I had to stop and pick up a few more things before I vacuumed. When I was done I unplugged the cord, rolled it up, and placed the vacuum back in the closet. I hadn't seen my aunt in a long time, so I decided to drive to her city and visit her. I called ahead to let her know I was coming, and she was very excited! I drove all the way there and when I got to her house, she had lemonade and cookies ready for me. We sat down on her couch and I ate a bunch of cookies while we caught up. She asked me if I wanted to go on a walk with her, and I agreed. We walked through her neighborhood and stopped to talk to one of her neighbors. She talked about the houses and the various people who lived there. We talked more about my family and my job before we went back to her house. We then had some crackers and looked at old pictures. After that, I got tired, so I told her I was going home. Overall, it was a really fun time with my aunt. My family was getting hungry and I didn't feel like making any dinner.  Both my kids love pizza so I decided to order some.  I went online and looked at the website for Domino's.  I saw that they had a coupon for ten dollars off your order.  I got one large pepperoni pizza and one pizza with hamburger and peppers.  I added a soda onto the order because we didn't have any in the refrigerator.  As a treat I added some cinnamon sticks.  When I was done with my order I clicked on a button that said "Finish Order".  I got my credit card out of my purse and put in my card number.  A countdown box appeared showing me how long it would be until my pizza was there.  About thirty minutes later my doorbell rang and I got some cash out of my purse for a tip to give to the driver.  I opened the door and took the pizzas and soda from the delivery driver and handed him the tip. When I woke up today, I went to the fish tank to make sure my fish were happy and healthy. They needed to be fed, so opened the lid of the tank. I picked up the bottle of fish food and took off the cap. I reached in and pinched some of the flakes between my fingers and dropped them in the tank. They floated on the water as my fish swam over and started to eat. I put in a few more pinches of fish food; there was one small pinch of food for each fish in the tank, so I could be sure they all had enough to eat, grow, and be healthy. I went to work for the day and when I came home, I made sure to clean any remaining food from the morning before feeding them again--I knew my fish needed dinner as well as breakfast! When the trains are running late, the underground gets crowded. When Bob went  to catch a subway train after work, he couldn't see at first that the trains were running late. There had been no line at the turnstile when he put in his ticket to open the fare gate. The escalator had been a little bit crowded, but it always was at this time of day, when so many got off work. However, when he got down to the platform he saw there was a huge crowd waiting for a train. He heard someone in the crowd say that there was a train stalled at the last station. However, the next thing he heard was the tooting of a train approaching the platform. Soon he was able to take his place in the car. He had to stand up all the way to his station, but as it turned out, he got home on time. The other week, I wasn't feeling very good and didn't want to eat. Instead of getting something heavy, I opted for soup. I also didn't want  to have to go out anywhere to get it so I made it myself. I put the broth into a large bowl and boiled it. Then I put salt and pepper in it and found some precooked chicken and put that in too. I let it all sit in the stove for a long time while it boiled. Maybe 10 or 15 minutes. Upon it starting to boil, I turned the stove off and let my soup sit there for a while. I started to get hungry and put the soup into a bowl. I then put crackers in the bowl after crushing them into small pieces. It tasted very good and seemed like the perfect way to make chicken soup. This was the best way to make it. My history teacher have us an assignment to do a research paper on World War II . I needed to gather information so I headed to the school library to do research . I found many helpful books in the history section of the library and sat down to do my research . A few hours later and the library is about to close but I 'm not finished with my work so I decided to borrow the history books . I gathered the books and headed to the librarian . I handed her the books I wanted to borrow along with my library card . She then scans my library card and each book . The machine starts printing out the date of when the books are due . The librarian hands me back the books , library card , and due date . I take the books home to do further research for my history assignment that 's due next week .  Everyday, after dinner, I wish the dishes.  First, I fill one sick with hot water and add dish-washing detergent while the water is running in order to create suds.  Once the sink is full of soapy water, i first wash the glassware.  I use a soft brush to clean the glassware in the soapy water.  I rinse each glass in the second sink with clear clean water.  Then I set each glass in a drying rack.  Next, I place all of the dirty silverware in the soapy dishwater to soak.  Then I start to wash the plates and bowls using the same process as the glassware.  I scrub them with the brush, rinse them in the second sink and then place them in the drying rack.  Next, I scrub each piece of silverware that has been soaking, rinse them and dry them with a soft cloth.  Finally, I wash any pots and pans using the same method and rinsing.  I dry the pots and pans with a soft towel. My friend Stacy and myself wanted to go shopping downtown.  The fastest way to get there was to take the underground.  I looked up the schedule to see what time we would need to be there for the underground to the city.  The schedule also listed prices for the underground.  We made sure to have enough money to pay for the underground before we got there.  Once there, we waited patiently for a few minutes.  We wanted to get there a little bit early just in case there were any mishaps on the way there.  Once the underground pulled up, we paid our fees and found a seat to sit on for the trip.  When we got to our stop there was a crowd of people waiting to get on the underground.  We made sure to stay together and got off at the same time so we would not get lost in the crowds. First, I found the perfect basket to pack everything in.The basket was brown and had a handle. Then I started making sandwiches for the basket, starting with bread, then turkey and cheese. I packed a few bags of chips, a container  of strawberries, and forks. I then put in two bottles of water with an ice pack. I also packed a bottle of wine and two glasses made of plastic. Finally on top, I put in a blanket to sit on. The blanket was blue and sturdy. We drove out to the lake and wandered around for a while for the perfect picnic spot. I wanted to sit close to the lake and still have shade. Once I found a nice big tree that was close to the lake, I spread out my blanket. I enjoyed having my picnic. The breeze was nice and the sun kept us warm while we enjoyed nature. We had just bought the new house, but there were a few final upgrades needed until the day we could finally come in. After much deliberation we decided to rip out the worn, cracked tiles in the kitchen and put in a new tile floor. We measured everything one last time. Then, starting at the far end of the kitchen I knelt down and began spreading the pasty grout across the floor. I took one tile and placed it in the corner, pressing on it to set it in well. Then I picked up another tile and set it next to the first. I continued to move across the back wall of the kitchen in this manner, occasionally scrapping any extra grout back into the bucket. When the first row was in place, I backed up and spread more grout so I could start laying another row of tiles. I repeated this until the whole floor was done and I was exhausted. One day, I was home alone.  My parents and family had gone on a vacation without me and I was really nervous.  I decided that I was going to be safe, so I bought some toys to keep me company.  When the night time came around, though, I felt a little bit more scared.  When I was watching a scary movie downstairs, I heard the doorbell ring.  I didn't really want to answer it, but I decided that I should in case it was someone important for my parents that was over.  I went up the stairs and looked out the window.  I couldn't see who was on the porch, but mustered up the courage to answer the door anyway.  When I opened the door, all I could hear was the wind outside.  I couldn't see anyone there.  I decided to go back downstairs and finish the movie that night. My neighbors went out of town and they asked me to take care of their cats.  They told me that they would have to eat tomato soup every day while they were gone.  I met the cats the next day and there were over 5 of them.  They all had different colored fur, but they all were super fat.  I got out the tomato soup cans that were given to me and opened them up for the cats.  I poured the soup into a bowl for each of the five cats.  They looked at me for a second in gratitude and then began to eat from each of their bowls.  The cats ate all of the food in a very short amount of time.  They must've been hungry to have eaten so fast!  After they were done, I washed each bowl with some warm water so it would be clean again. Last night , I decided to take a bath . First , I turned on the water . I fiddled with the knobs to get the right mix of hot and cold water . Once the temperature was pleasing to me , I put the stopper in the tub and let the tub fill with water . I also poured some bubble bath into the water stream so that bubbles filled the tub . Once the tub was filled with water and bubbles , I took off my clothes and sat down in the tub . I submerged my body in the soapy water . I used a loofah to wash myself . I then sat back and relaxed in the tub for a while . I had put the book that I was reading on the side of the tub and I decided to read it . It was very relaxing . When I was done in the tub , I pulled the stopper out and let the water drain away . I had a very nice bath .  Sometimes I really hate visiting the doctor. But at the same time I feel good because if anything is wrong with me the doctor will be able to help. When I think I'm either sick or just to make sure I'm healthy I make a doctor appointment. I call the doctor's office and make the first available appointment. When it's 20 minutes before it's time for my appointment, I leave my house to go. Once I get to the doctor office I find a place to park. I walk inside the doctor's office and check in with the receptionist. I got wait in the waiting room for my name to be called. Once they call my name I go straight to the scale to get weighed, I always hate this part. Then the nurse takes me to the room, takes my blood pressure and asks why I'm there. I'm only there to check my cholesterol since last time I had it checked it was high. The doctor then comes in to talk about my last results and says that we will check it again today and then call him back in 3 months if it's high to talk about my options. I then go get my blood drawn in the lab. After that is done I go to the check out window and pay my copay for my visit. Every week I like to wash my bedding.  As soon as I get out of bed in the morning, I take all of the blankets and pillows off the bed.  I put them on the floor, as I will eventually clean them in the washing machine.  I then remove the sheets from the bed, first the top sheet and then the fitted sheet.  I have to walk around the whole bed to get it off because my bed is very large.  I carry the sheets to the washing machine and clean them.  I dry them in the dryer after they are clean.  I take them out of the dryer when they are clean and warm.  I then put them back on the bed, 1st the fitted sheet and then the top sheet.  The fitted sheet takes more time because I have to put it on the correct way.  Sometimes I get it wrong and have to turn it around and try again.  After putting the top sheet on, I pick up the rest of the blankets and wash/dry them also. When I woke up this morning the first thing I saw was how many dirty clothes were lying all over the floor of my room. I told myself in my head that I needed to wash these clothes as soon as possible because my room looked like a tornado came through it. I gathered all the dirty clothes around my room and my bathroom into my dirty clothes hamper laundry bag. I use this bag because I live upstairs and I don't like having to back track across my home if I drop any clothes when I bring them to the washing machine which is located downstairs. I know had all my dirty clothes in the bag and walked downstairs to begin washing them. I start by throwing all the clothes into the washing machine followed by using whatever laundry detergent I have at the time. Today I still had some liquid detergent left over from the last load of laundry I did so I carefully measured half a cup of detergent into the measuring cup and dumped it over the dirty clothes. I closed the washing machine and turned the dial on the machine to run for 45 minutes. One day I realized that the walls in my room were getting dull and the paint was falling of due to the dampness in the walls. I went to few Paint shops and told them the problem I was facing, they recommended to use waterproof wallpapers and from there my search for the design of my wallpaper started. I went to many shops and finally got a desired design and color wallpaper, now it was all about pasting it on the damp walls of my room. I googled how to paste wallpapers on walls and it took me 1 hour to get ready for the ultimate job i never expected to do. So I started papering my room as instructed in the blog, in the starting I faced problem sticking wallpapers correctly but i tried and concentrated on it. I took time making sure every wallpaper was placed right and it took me a complete day to finish it. My room was looking different and awesome. Mom knows she has a lot of chores to do around the house. She has finished washing the clothes, watering the plants, and washing the dishes. She decides that she now has to vacuum the whole house. She goes to the closet to grab the vacuum, pulling out the cord and plugging it into the wall. She gets started on vacuuming the carpet in the living room and makes sure she gets every little corner to make sure all the little dust bunnies and dirt are all sucked up into the vacuum. She then goes to each bedroom, and vacuums every inch, even under the bed to make sure there isn't any hidden treasures left behind. The carpet sparkles after each stroke of the vacuum is run across the carpet. Sweat drops down her face as she strolls through each of the rooms and works hard to make sure the house is clean as can be! I had been playing with my new lego set and puzzle all day. My mother came in my room and told me it looked like a pig lived there and that I needed to clean all my toys up immediately. I did not want to but knew I should obey my mother's wishes. I got the box for my puzzle and opened it up. I began to break apart the completed puzzle piece by piece. I put the pieces back into the box. I then found a spot for the puzzle on my closet shelf. Next I needed to clean up the legos. some were constructed into a castle I built. The rest of the lego pieces were scattered everywhere around my room. I got the container they came in and started putting the pieces into it. It was not as much fun as building with them. Once I had found every one I closed the lid and put it away. I looked around and was pleased to see a clean room and my mother smiling. Last week one of the light bulbs in my living room burned out. Unfortunately this was not a bulb in a lamp, but instead it was in the ceiling. The problem was that the ceiling in my living room is very tall and it can't be reached without a ladder. The first thing I had to do was to go to the hardware store to buy a replacement bulb. I didn't have any extra ones in my house. When I got back from the store I took the tallest ladder I have out of my garage and brought it into the living room. I then got an extension tool that I can use to make my reach longer and I got onto the ladder and stretched up as high as I could with the extension tool to unscrew the burned out bulb. Then I put the new bulb on the end of the extension tool and reached up to screw it back in. After that I flipped the light switch to make sure it worked and it did! I was hungry and didn't feel like cooking so I decided to order a pizza. I looked up the phone number to my favorite local pizza place and gave them a call. As it was a busy night it took a minute for them to answer the phone. When the employee answered he asked what I would like. I first asked to hear the specials, I like to save a buck when I can. He told  me some various specials and so I decided to go with one of those. I ordered a pizza with pepperoni, a bottle of cola, and some garlic bread sticks. He told me my total and I paid over the phone using my credit card. He told me it would be about forty-five minutes before the food arrived. I thanked him and waited for my food to arrive. about thirty minutes later there was a knock at my door and it was the delivery guy. He was very polite and I tipped him nicely. I really enjoyed my food. I realized yesterday that I was running out of clean clothes to wear. I gathered up all of my dirty clothes and sorted them into light and dark colors. I put them into baskets and took them to my laundry room. I put two detergent pods in my washing machine and then put in the clothes from one of the baskets. I made sure the wash settings were how I wanted them and then closed the washing machine and started it. Once the wash cycle had ended, I took the clothes out of the washing machine and put them in the dryer. I added a dryer sheet and adjusted the settings, and then I closed the dryer and started it. When the clothes had finished drying, I took them out and folded them neatly and put them away in my room. Then, I did the same thing with the next load of laundry. When I don't pick up after myself, my flat can become very messy and dirty. I don't like a messy, dirty flat so I make sure that I clean up every weekend.  On Saturday morning, I wake up early and get ready to clean. First, I pick up all of the toys and all the things that are not in the place where they belong. I put my toys in the toy box. I put the dirty clothes in the laundry room hamper. I throw away any garbage I find.  When everything is put away, I use a duster to get the dust off all of the furniture. I make sure to wipe down all the surfaces so they are dust-free and clean. Next, I use a broom and sweep the floors.  When I'm done sweeping the floors, I fill up a bucket with soap and water.  I use a mop to wash the floors. When I last changed a baby diaper, it was for my little cousin. I first undressed her and took off her diaper and put it aside. I then used a wet nap to wipe her body and make sure that she was clean. After that, I put a little baby powder on her and put started to put a new diaper on here. During the whole process, she was having difficulty sitting still, shaking and moving her legs the entire time. This process was somewhat difficult because she would not sit still. Upon putting her diaper on, I then put her shirt on and let her lay there for a minute while I threw everything out. She seemed content and happy and she was definitely clean. This was not very easy to do, but ultimately I was able to change her. The smell was definitely better after the fact ! I met a girl I really fancied, and asked her out on a date. She said yes, and I was excited about that. I got ready, making sure to wear my nice clothes and make my hair look very good. I drove to her home and picked her up. I had called and made a reservation at a fancy Mexican restaurant. We arrived there and were lead to out table. We ordered our food and drinks. While we waited we talked and laughed, getting to know each other. When we were down I asked the waiter for a check, paid and left a tip. After we left the restaurant, we went to see a movie. When we got to the movies, we bought our tickets and snacks and went to find a seat. We held hands in the movie and shared popcorn. When it was finished, I drove her home and walked her to her door. I told her good night, and that I would like to see her again. I hope  I do. I like reading the newspaper and also looking for coupons! The best coupons come in the Sunday paper! On Sunday morning I drive to the local gas station where we have a local newspaper machine and buy a paper. I put the money into the machine which is $2.50 all in quarters and pull the door open. I take one paper out of the machine and go back to my car. I drive home with the paper. Once I am home I sit at the kitchen table and open up the paper. I skim through it reading stories that I may seem interested in. Once I've looked through the entire paper. I then look at all the coupons that are inside. I look through them to find any coupons that I may need to buy items I use at the store. I then cut those coupons out and put them in the wallet to use on my shopping trips. During the Summer, I like to go and visit my grandma who lives down south in Florida. She lives in Florida during the summer, while I live up north in Minnesota, so I have to purchase a plane ticket to fly down to see her. When I get there, she's waiting for me at the airport to pick me up and take me to her house. I sit and talk with her for a long time when we get there, catching up on everything she and grandpa have been doing in Florida. When it gets late, I go out to find a hotel to stay at, but sometimes I sleep over at grandma's house. When I'm with grandma, we arrange time to go out and eat at restaurants, play games together, and just spend a lot of time hanging out. When my visit is over, she takes me back to the airport where I can fly home. The whole ride home, I think about the next time I'll visit her! We have a cat, which is completely black. He is a very nice cat. As soon as I go into the kitchen in the morning  and he hears my foot step, he starts to meow. I bought cat food from the market, because he does not like any other cat food. He eats a certain brand and certain flavor. I go out and call him. I have his pan . Sometimes if I cur some kitchen or any meat, he called me out more, because he smells it. Today the same thing happened, I was cleaning fish and he started to cry loudly. I got some piece of fish and cut them in small pieces and I got out and out hem in his pan. He readily came running and started to almost jump on me, and could not wait to eat. I put some milk also in another pan. He was licking his tongue around and enjoyed  his food My gym membership is with planet fitness, and I am black card member, so sauna is included in it. This is one of the reason, I bought black card, so I can take advantage of such things. I usually go to gym in morning time so nobody is there specially sauna is not busy. Sauna is located in the corner part of gym. I went to gym, and did 1 hour exercise, and then went straight to sauna. A small room used as a hot-air or steam bath for cleaning and refreshing the body. There are so many wooden benches all around the walls and it is kind of dark and filled with steamed air. As soon as I entered in, I felt humid and hot. There were 2 other people wee there. I sat there and whole room was humid with hot air. I felt so good, and peaceful. It makes me feel energized and helps me to loose weight. I had people to whom I know, So we talked and we had good time, I came out I Was sweaty. I wiped my body, and went to bath room to change my clothes and take shower. We had a big party at home last weekend. Many guests were invited to the party and a lot of food was cooked for them. After the party ended, there were a lot of dirty dishes left piled in the kitchen sink. My mother and I were left with the responsibility of washing the dishes. We started by heating water and putting it in buckets. This was necessary because most of the dishes were very greasy. We had three buckets . I used the first bucket to get some of the grease off by just dipping the dishes in hot water. I then washed  them with soap and a course scrubber. The dishes were then rinsed by my mother and placed on a rack. She said that some of the water had to drip off before she dried them with a kitchen napkin. I had lot's of fun helping my mother. I like taking a bath instead of a shower sometimes . I start by closing the drain at the bottom of the tub . Some tubs have a stopper and some have a thing you push down to close it . After it 's closed I like to run both hot and cold water to make warm water and then I let the tub fill up to about a hand 's height from the top of the tub . While the water is running , I squirt in bubbles and make sure I have a clean washcloth and towel . After I carefully climb into the tub , I make sure I wash my whole body with the soap and washcloth , even behind my ears and between my toes . Then I can either soak and relax in the tub or I can play with toys . Fun toys for the bathtub are boats and plastic water animals like whales and ducks . Once the water starts to turn a little cold , it 's time to get out so I open the drain again and let the water empty out . While it 's draining I carefully stand up and reach for my towel to dry off . I always be sure the tub is clean when I 'm finished , with toys and the dirty washcloth put where they belong .  I prepared the purple colored paint that I was using to paint the large wall in my bedroom by prying open the paint can's lid and stirring the paint with a wooden stick. Upon opening the can, I immediately smelled the strong paint scent. I poured a large amount of paint into a rolling pan and rolled my paint roller through it. I scraped the excess paint off on the side of the pan and began to paint the wall. I started from the top and moved to the bottom, rolling the roller in more paint as it was needed. I trimmed the edges of the wall with a small paint brush. When the pan ran low on paint, I poured more into the pan from the paint can. I waited for the wall of paint to dry, then applied a second layer of purple paint. I touched up areas before cleaning up the paint and washing out my brushes. Today I folded clothes. First, I went to the laundry room and picked up my laundry basket which was full of clean clothes. Next I put the basket on my table. I picked a piece of clothing out of the basket. It was a T-shirt. I held the T-shirt up against my body so it hung down without any wrinkles. Then I folded it in half horizontally. Holding it by its folded seam, I folded it again, this time vertically. My T-shirt was now folded. It is flat and does not have any wrinkles or bulges. I place it on my table neatly. I pick the next piece of clothing out of the basket. It is shorts. I hold these by the waistband and fold only once, vertically. I put them on top of the T-shirt on the table. This is my pile of folded clothes. I pick up the next piece of clothing. It is a pair of jeans. I hold them by the waistband and shake gently to release any wrinkles. I fold once vertically (vertically is the way the zipper of the jeans runs-up and down). Then I fold them again, in half with a horizontal folded seam. I place these in my pile of folded clothes. I continue until the basket is empty. I was gathering laundry and decided to wash my sheets and comforter. I pulled the comforter off and laid it on the floor, then I took off the sheet, fitted sheet and pillow cases. I put the sheets & pillow cases in the basket and put the comforter on top of the basket. After washing and drying all of my laundry, I put the fitted sheet on the bed starting at the top right corner. I found the bottom of the sheet and put it on the bed, trying to center it the best I could. I tucked the bottom of the sheet between the mattress and box spring. I put the pillows in the pillowcases and put two pillows on each side of the bed, at the top. I pulled up the sheet so it partially covered the pillows. I then put the comforter on the bed and centered it the best I could. I smoothed it out and stood back to admire my clean, well made bed. One day, I went into my kitchen and I noticed that my garbage can was full. It was starting to come out of the opening of the garbage can, and it smelled bad. I knew I had to change my garbage bag. I took the lid off of my garbage can, and took the bag out. I tied it up in a knot, making sure to tie it tight so no garbage could fall out. I went out the door to my yard, where my big garbage bins are. I put the trash bag in the bin, so the garbage truck can take it away when it comes around. Then, I went back inside and got a new bag out of my cabinet. I placed it in the garbage can, making sure to fold the opening of the bag securely around the lip of the can. Once I did that, I put the lid back on. Now my garbage can is empty and ready to put more trash in. We have tennis court and we go to play tennis in summer early morning when it is cool, because in this part of country after 12 it becomes very hot, even after 10 some time. Anyway, I have 4 Windsor tennis racquets  and bought some Windsor balls also. We went there as early as 6:30, nobody was there. That is good. W took turns. We were practicing so, I was server, and I bend down and held the ball in my left hand and threw it in air and as soon as it started to drop and came to the level of my waist I swung my bat and hit it opposite direction,. It was good shot, my partner swung it back perfectly but in opposite side me. By the time I ran to it, I missed it. I decided to serve this time low. I did it and it went straight in to net. I gave ball my partner to serve it. I wanted to throw a Bachelorette Party for my best friend. She lives in Dallas, but she wants to have her party in New Orleans for a girls weekend. The first thing we did was talk about the theme of the party. We decided on the theme of "Something Blue". We would have all colors of blue and activities that have titles with the word blue for the whole weekend. Next, I needed a guest list from her. She gave me a list of 20 girls. I created an invitation that had blue and included a picture of her. I also included an itinerary of our weekend activities with all of our fun "blue" titles, to set the fun mood. I printed each invitation out, placed them in the blue envelope and added the itinerary. I sealed them before hand writing the addresses and adding a stamp. next, they were off to the post office, so everyone could be invited to our fun weekend. Terry and Ed thought about what they wanted to do for their 40th anniversary, and sat on the front porch talking it over. Terry liked the Italian place that was down the street, Ed thought the diner off the highway would do the trick. Terry laughed when he mentioned it. That was her husband all right. He was nothing if not constant. She quietly got up and went into the kitchen. She picked up her little black address book and started to flip through it. On the second page, her eyes saw the word Michael's. That would be perfect, she thought. Picking up the phone, she dialed in the numbers on the old large buttoned phone. "Hello, thank you for calling Michael's. Can I make you a reservation for our second seating tonight?" "Yes, this is Terry Monroe, and my husband and I are celebrating our 40th anniversary, we would like seating at six o'clock tonight. Is that possible?" "Yes, mam. I have you down for six tonight. Would you like to pre-order a bottle of wine?" "No thank you, see you soon." I decided that I wanted to go to a shopping center, so I grabbed my purse to get ready to go. But first, I made sure that I had my wallet, and that inside there was my credit card and my driver's license, as well as some cash. I put the wallet back in my purse, grabbed my cell phone and the keys to the car and I headed out the door. After locking the house, I got into my car, started the ignition and took off, headed to the center. As I drove down the street, I had to follow traffic signals such as stop signs and stop lights as I made my way through the city into the location where the shopping center was. When I arrived in the parking lots of the shopping center, I identified the stores that I regretted to shot back. Once I saw that they were all mostly located in the West Wing of the shopping center, I began looking for a parking space that side of the shopping center. Once I drove around and spotted a parking spot, I navigated the car into the space, making sure that I am not too close to either of the cars on both sides of me, then cut the car off. I checked my purse more time to make sure that I had everything I needed, took the keys of the admission, grabbed my purse and got out of the car. I shut the door, and locked the doors to secure my vehicle, then headed into the first store that I was going to begin my shopping at. My friend had dropped me off at the curb of the airport. I had one carry on and one checked luggage bag. I had my confirmation number and my photo ID and approached the kiosk for the airlines to check in. the kiosk had instructions on the screen and prompted me to enter my confirmation number or name. I entered my confirmation number and the kiosk screen prompted how many bags I would be checking on the flight that day. I checked one. Then the screen prompted me if I wanted to print boarding pass for my flight destination either yes or no. I entered yes and my boarding pass printed out. and I gathered my boarding pass and went to the agent counter to drop my check bag off. The agent had a bag claim ticket, she checked my boarding pass and photo ID.  The agent gave me my portion of the claim ticket for the bag in case it was loss and put the other part of the bag claim ticket around my luggage handle, then weight my luggage and put it on a conveyor belt. She then handed me back my boarding pass and photo ID and I went to the Gate on my boarding pass to board my plane. Yesterday I found a great recipe for a chocolate cake with peanut butter swirls . I went to the store to buy all the ingredients . I had to get eggs , sugar , milk and peanut butter . I got out a big mixing bowl and mixed all the ingredients up with a big wooden spoon . I preheated the oven while I was mixing everything together . I had to wait a few minutes for the oven to be ready for the concoction sitting on my counter . I poured the batter into a cake pan and licked the spoon . I put the pan into the oven and waited 25 minutes . It smelled incredible while it was baking . I tested the moisture of the cake by sticking a toothpick into the middle . It was perfect . I let the cake cool for 30 minutes and then cut it into pieces . I shared it with my family and we all agreed it was one of the tastiest cakes we 've ever eaten . When I woke up, I was very hungry. I wanted to eat an omelette. To make it I had to make sure I had all the ingredients ready. I got some milk from the fridge. Then some cheese and butter, and last the eggs. I was only making it for me, so I only needed two eggs. I got a bowl out from the cupboard, as well as a whisk. I cracked the eggs over the bowl, making sure not to get any pieces of shell in the bowl, then threw the egg shells away. I used the whisk to break the yokes, then mix them well. I poured a little bit of milk in the bowl with the eggs, and whisked it even more. Once it was all  mixed well, I got a pan out. I cut a little bit of butter and put in on the pan. I places the pan on the stove and heated it until it melted the butter. When it was  warm enough, I poured the egg and milk mixture into the hot butter. I let it cook for a while, then used a spatula to flip it.When it was almost done I added some cheese on the top. It was very tasty. Last week my brother-in-law and I went to New York to visit his family. We made reservation for two days stay at the restaurant. Later that afternoon we had lunch at the motel. We were disappointed with the food that was being serve for the price. We order steaks well done and the steak was half done, but we was very nice to the waitress and cooks. Me my brother-in-law and his family went out that night exploring the town. Later we return to the motel to find that the people next door was very noisy with loud music. We asked that they turn the music down, but it wasn't low enough. Next morning we went back to my brother-in-law family house. We talked about the motel, food and noise. We were told to spend the night with the family and not to the motel. His family end up heating food on kitchen gas. That's when I find out that they have a gas stove instead a electric stove. When I was a child I had a fear of gas stoves. I had an habit of touching the gas knobs before I can sleep. I end up getting up late that night and checking a gas stove in belongs to people who I just met. The last time I went to a wedding was many years ago. It was for an older cousin of mine who was getting married to her boyfriend of a few years. I needed to dress very nice for that ceremony. Since I was a kid at the time, my parents picked out my outfit. They ironed it so that it looked as clean as possible. They also dressed my younger brother and themselves very nicely. We showed up to the wedding right on schedule. It was being held in a local wedding hall, so the atmosphere was very calm and quiet. We were around several other family members who were also there in support. We all watched as the wedding ceremony took place. We listened to the vows getting exchanged, watched the rings get exchanged, listened to the priest's sermon, and watched the two newlyweds kiss each other. It was a very beautiful moment. When I got home today, I decided to take my dog Oscar for a walk.  He spends most of the day at home by himself so I thought it would be nice to take a long walk so he can enjoy nature.  I called him over to the door and got his leash off the hook on the wall.  I clipped it to his collar and we went out.  There is a wooded walking trail by my house so I decided that's where we should walk today.  Oscar pulled on the leash when we got in the woods because he wanted to smell so many things.  We walked along the path for quite a while until we got to the lake. I sat on the bench by the lake and Oscar sat with me, looking at the ducks on the water.  After a little while we got up and walked back home.  When we got home, I took off Oscar's leash and he went to rest in the living room. I decided I was going to cook pasta for dinner. However, I first needed to decide what kind of pasta since there are many types. I looked in my pantry and saw spaghetti, ravioli, tortellini and angel hair.  I decided I'd cook a pot of spaghetti.  I took the box out and set it on the counter. I then pulled a large deep pot out of the cupboard.  I filled it with water 3/4 full.  I then put it on a burner on the stove.  I poured into it a little olive oil and shook a little salt in the water. This is too ensure the pasta does not stick together while it is cooking. I then put the lid on the pot and turned on the burner to high.  I needed to wait about 10 minutes for the water to start boiling. When it was boiling, I took off the lid and set it onto the counter. I picked up the box of pasta, opened the lid and took half of it out.  It is long strands of dry pasta. I held it all in one hand around the middle. I then held the bottom ends above the water and slowly lowered the whole batch into the water spreading it around in a circle.  As the pasta became moister it lowered into the water until all of it was submerged.  I lowered the heat so that it was at a low boil or simmer.  I then set the timer for 10 minutes.  When the timer dinged, I pulled out one and tested it to see if it was done. It was perfectly al dente.  I took the pot off the stove and poured out the contents into a strainer. It was finished. My husband and I had plans to go out and catch a movie one evening. Once my mom arrived at our apartment and we got the kids all settled in for the night, we called a taxi and headed downstairs to wait for it. Not too long later, a yellow taxi pulled up to the curb for us. We got in and my husband double checked the flat rate and mileage price before we got going. He told him the location of the theater that we would be watching our movie at and the taxi driver took us off into traffic. Several minutes later we arrived at our destination, the theater. The taxi driver pulled over and let us out. My husband asked him how much the total would be. Once the taxi driver told my husband, he paid him and we went into the theater while the driver of the taxi got back into traffic. It was a beautiful sunny day outside and I decided I would like to bring my camera out on a short hike. I selected my Nikon camera that I've had since my birthday a year previously. I packed the camera into a shoulder bag and placed some extra batteries in beside it. I drove out to the trail head and parked my car before preparing for the hike. About 20 minutes into walking, I noticed a particularly beautiful blue jay perched on a branch above my head. I quietly and quickly produced my camera from it's bag and turned on the power. Once it was loaded I brought the camera to my eye and centered the blue jay on the screen. I waited until he turned his head toward me and snapped several pictures of him. After the blue jay had flown off, I took a moment to examine my pictures. I selected the one I liked the most and deleted the rest. I don;t go to the mall often, but when I do it's an all day outing. My girl and I shower and get dressed in our favorite trendy clothes, wear our favorite scents and she takes 30 minutes doing her makeup. Making sure we each have our phones, keys, and payment cards, we lock the door and head to the car. It takes about 30 minutes to get to the nearest shopping center. We prefer to park near the back because it's closer to a door and the stores we prefer within the shopping center. As always we beeline for our favorite stores first, then our second favorites taking about thirty minutes in each store. We go back and forth looking for the best deals too. We really enjoy helping each other pick out clothes that look good on us. Once we are done shopping we usually discuss which restaurant we would like to go to. It's usually The Chinese buffet and sushi bar across the street or the Arby's a little further away...we fins out that the Arby's has closed. We decided to go back to the shopping center and check out the food court, because several new joints have been put in since the last time we visited. It's time to clean the bathroom again. First I need to gather all of the things I need. I will need a sponge and a mop and bucket to clean the floor, a brush and some cleaning chemicals.  I'll start with the shower. I'll put some cleaning chemicals on the walls first, and then scrub them with a brush, making sure to get into the corners! Then, I'll do the floor of the shower, and clean around the drain. Then, turn on the shower and rinse it out  really well. Next, I'll do the toilet. The inside first, using some chemical and a  brush, then a good  flush! then with a sponge, clean the outside, rinsing the sponge off and wiping it all around. Last, it's time to mop the floor. I'll need to pick up the stuff in the way, like the trash can and the rug and put those outside the door.Then I'll mix some cleaning chemicals and warm water in the bucket, and get the mop wet and mop the floor, rinsing the mop in the sink, we'll clean that last. We'll mop our way out the door and let the floor dry. When it's dry and shiny, come back in and dump out the bucket and  rinse our mop in the sink, then clean the sink and counter. And finally we can put the rug and the trash can back in place in our shiny clean bathroom. It was rainy outside and I was not sure what to do. I was bored. I remembered that there was a play on TV that was supposed to be happening soon downtown. I've heard a little bit about this play, and decided I would go to see it for some fun. The theater downtown is where the play was at. I made sure to change my clothes into something clean and nice, and I brushed my hair really well. It is important to look nice at the theater to be polite and show you care about the people in the play. They work very hard and want to make you happy. I drove to the theater and talked to a man inside a booth to buy a ticket. My ticket was not as expensive as other peoples' because I was in school, so they did not make me pay as much. I sat inside the theater quietly and watched the play happen. It was very well done, and I clapped a lot at the end. Last night was my four year anniversary with my partner. We decided to go out to dinner to celebrate our anniversary together. A few weeks before, we discussed which restaurant to go to and decided to go to Yuzu, a nice Japanese restaurant we have been to before with really delicious sushi and small plates. I looked up the phone number for Yuzu on the Internet, and called them to make a dinner reservation. I asked if they had any reservations available for the night of our anniversary. They said yes. I asked if I could please have a reservation for two people at 8pm. They said the 8pm slot was all booked up and asked if we were available to come in at 8:30pm instead. I agreed and said the 8:30pm reservation time would be fine. After we hung up, Yuzu sent me a confirmation email. My partner and I went to the restaurant for our reservation last night and had a great time. When I came home from work I noticed the trash in the kitchen was over flowing. I quickly gathered the trash that had fallen out, and put it in the bag. Pulling the bag out was heavy and difficult, but I finally got it up and out. I tied it tightly so nothing would come out and took it outside to the big trash can by the curb. When I got inside, I took a fresh bag from the cabinet under the kitchen sink. The scented bags I had ordered online had a pleasing scent and helped mask the left over scent of the old garbage I had just taken out. I pulled open the top of the bag and shook it out to make it expand. I slid it down in the can and secured the ends tightly around the can to make sure it didn't slip down in the can. Putting the top on the can I put it back by the refrigerator, and thought about what I was going to make for supper. My mother was coming over for dinner, so I decided to make her dinner. She came over early and we talked while I was preparing our spaghetti and meatballs. The food was going to be ready in a few minutes, so I set the table. I grabbed four plates out of the cupboard and some silverware out of the drawer. I put them on the table and arranged them so they would look nice. I then grabbed two cloth napkins I have for special occasions out of the drawer in the kitchen. I folded them so they looked fancy and put them next to the plates on the table. Then, I grabbed a nice tall candlestick out of a drawer and lit it. I put it in the center of the table and everything looked very nice. The candle went out, so I had to re-light it. Overall, the table looked spectacular. It was late evening by the time we finally got to sit down and eat our dinner, and although it was later than we usually have dinner and we were all starving by this time, it was well worth the wait. We were having Steak, green beans, mashed potatoes and corn. It was one of the most delicious meals I've had in a long time, but the worst part isn't even the wait. It's always having to clean up afterwards; I always have to help my parents clean the table off after dinner each night, but tonight while helping them clean off the table I accidentally dropped one of the plates onto the table and chipped a chunk off the ceramic. I immediately looked at my parents in horror, because I thought I was going to be in so much trouble. They both just burst out laughing and I didn't understand why it was so funny to them. They just smiled and explained that they were actually just talking about how much they hated that particular plate-which was a gift to them from my grandmother- and that it was ironic that was the plate I broke. We all got a good laugh. I had to fly across the country to visit my friend, which meant I had to take an airplane. I packed my bags with all the things I would need on my trip, then I took a taxi to the airport. When I got there, I found the desk for the airline I had purchased a ticket for and stood in line to wait my turn. The line was rather long, but it was my turn eventually. I gave the lady at the desk my ticket and handed my bag over to her to be checked. She gave me a confirmation receipt and told me which gate my plane was located at. Next, I headed to the gate to board my plane. I had to pass through a security checkpoint with a metal detector first. I placed all of the things in my pockets into a little bowl before walking into the metal detector. After I passed through the attendant handed my things back to me and I was off to find my plane. Tonight for dinner I wanted to have pasta. I got out my pot and filled it with water. I added a few tablespoons of salt to the water so it would boil faster. I set the pot on the stove and set it to medium heat. I had to wait for the water to start boiling so I used the time to get out my pasta and the other other ingredients for my sauce. After the water started to boil I put the pasta in the water so it would start cooking. I then put a second pan on the stove also at medium and put the ingredients for the sauce in the pan. I had to make sure to stir the pasta so it would not stick to the bottom; I also had to stir the sauce to make sure it mixed well. After my pasta had cooked all the way I got out my plates so I could sit down and eat. Jack has to mow his dad's lawn once a week.  He decides this week he will do it on the weekend in the morning.  Since he has baseball practice on Sunday, he wants to cut the grass on Saturday.  Jack starts by going out to the shed, and pulling out the lawn mower.  It is a nice riding one, with a big red paint job.  He checks to see if it has any gas, fills it with some gasoline from the container in the shed, and pulls it out of the shed carefully onto the grass.  He starts with the back yard, because it is the biggest part of the lawn. He puts his cap on, starts the engine by pressing the start button, and the engine roars to life.  He jumps on the seat, and presses the gas peddle.  The lawn mower rolls forward, and Jack tries to go in straight lines as he goes across the lawn, front and back yards. By the time he is finished, the lawn has nice straight lines where he mowed the grass, and the grass is short and neat. I was driving home from work when I noticed I was low on fuel.  I was worried about running out of gas, so I stopped at the next available station.  I pulled my car up to the pump, mindful of the side of the car my gas tank was on.  I turned off my car and got out.  I closed the door and walked over to the station.  I gave the cashier a twenty dollar bill and told her I wanted twenty dollars of gas on the pump I was at.  She entered it in and I walked back to my car.  I got to my car and opened the fuel tank.  I took the hose off of the pump and chose my fuel, then I put the hose into my car.  Then I started pump into my car.  As it got closer to the twenty dollars, it slowed down.  I stopped the pump at twenty dollars. I was hungry for hot dogs and sauerkraut so when I was at the grocery store I bought a pack of hot dogs, two cans of sauerkraut and a pack of hot dog buns. When I got home I opened the package of hot dogs and put them in the bottom of my slow cooker. I opened the cans of sauerkraut and added them on top of the hot dogs. I turned the slow cooker on low and let it cook for four hours. At the end of four hours I checked and the hot dogs were steaming and looked to be hot. I opened the package of buns and pulled two out. I put a little ketchup and a little mustard on each bun. I used a fork to pull some sauerkraut out of the slow cooker and put it on each bun. I pulled out two hot dogs and put one in each bun on top of the sauerkraut. I put the rest of the sauerkraut and hot dogs in a container and put them in the fridge to eat later. The holidays are coming up. That means spending time with family. I'm going to be there for a while, so I pack an overnight bag. I put it in the car and take it with me. The ride to visit them isn't that long, but it takes a while because of traffic. I pull up in front of their house and park. Then I get my bag out of the trunk and walk up to the door. When I knock on the door, my aunt is waiting for me. Both my primary family and my extended ones are there waiting! I say hello to all of them. I get settled into a guest room and put up all of my stuff. Then I go out to the living room. I'm just in time for dinner. We all make our way to the table and talk to each other. This is just the start of the visit, and there are many good things to come. Museums are awesome places filled with things of the past and I was curious what I could learn. I decided to go to a museum. First I have to find out if admission is free or if there a cost for entry. A simple Internet search is all I needed to do to find that out. It was free of cost on certain days, so I decided on one of those days. Then I planned on my transportation method and decided to take a bike ride there. I made sure to pack proper previsions such as drinks and snacks. I also made sure to pack a camera because a museum is a great place to take pictures. Once I took my bike ride there and entered, I had a look around at all the exhibits. I also made sure to learn as much as possible and took pictures of things that stood out and I liked. Once I got done with most exhibits I headed home. A few years ago, I was visiting a grandparent who wasn't feeling well. He was very dizzy and fell over upon getting out of his recliner. We were unable to wake him up, and immediately dialed 911. A family member was able to confirm that he was breathing while I did this. The dispatcher asked me several questions, the first of which was "What is your emergency?". I described exactly what was going on, where my grandfather lived, and his past medical history. I stayed on the phone with the dispatcher until the ambulance arrived a few minutes later. We let the EMTs into the front door. They carried a stretcher with them and several pieces of equipment to check his vital signs. They eventually were able to move him onto the stretcher and roll him out the door and into the ambulance. They then took him to the hospital, where he was evaluated and treated. Yesterday I made breakfast for my family.  The steps to make breakfast are different depending on what you want to have for breakfast.  We had eggs, bacon, toast, juice and strawberries.  First I sliced the fresh strawberries, and placed sugar on them and out them in the refrigerator to keep them cool.  Next I fried the eggs.  To do this I put a small amount of vegetable oil in the pan and heated it.  Then I cracked the eggs and fried them in the pan, flipping them once with a spatula.  After removing the cooked eggs from the pan I fried the bacon in the pan, turning it so both sides browned, and removing it when it was just crispy.  While cooking the bacon I toasted the bread in the toaster.  Next I set the table, placing a plate, a knife a fork a spoon and a glass at each place setting.  Then I placed the food on the table and called the family to eat. Garbage truck was scheduled for tomorrow. I have big garbage can, and it was kind of full, I wanted it to be out so does not stay in garbage can for another week.  I pressed the content more in, so there is some more pace for me to tie the bag. I picked the 2 sides of my garbage can, and was holding the can with my feet. Then I lifted bag upwards, and put it on floor. I sifted it further by knocking the bag to floor, and then grabbed t sides of bag and tied it, Then grabbed remaining 2 sides and tied another knot. I out it aside and then grabbed my fresh bag, opened it with my fingers. It was kind of tricky to open the fresh bag. I wet my hands and it opened quickly. Then I slide the bag down making sure the sides are fully attached with bag. I put extra portion out of the bag for more protection. I decided my backyard needed another tree . So I went to the tree nursery and picked out a tree that I liked . I rented a pickup truck to bring the tree home . I loaded the tree into the truck and drove it to my house . I grabbed a shovel from my garage , and I dug a hole in my backyard where I wanted the tree to go . I poured some special tree fertilizer into the hole that I had bought from the tree nursery . I then asked a friend to help me , because the tree was very big and heavy . Together we placed the tree in the hole . I then started to fill up the dirt around the tree . Halfway through filling it , I took a garden hose and poured water down the hole . When the water settled , I finished filling in the dirt . Over the dirt I placed a nice bed of mulch around the tree . I watered the tree once more , then stepped back to admire my work .  Mom said I needed to go to the doctor for my check up. She had made an appointment before. The day I needed to go we went early to make sure we would be on time. When we arrived mother talked to the lady at the counter to tell them we were there. Then we had to wait in the waiting room until they called my name to go in. After they called us in, a nurse took my temperature, told me to stand on a scale, and also measured my blood pressure with an arm cuff that filled up with air. When she was done she wrote some things down on a paper and left them on a bin next to the door. She told us to wait for the doctor to come into the room. After a while the doctor came in and looked at the papers that the nurse left. He started by asking me what I eat and if I play a lot outside or stay inside playing video games. Then he checked my ears and eyes. He took out something he uses to hear my heart and lungs, it was cold when he touched it to my skin. He told my mom and I that everything was fine. When we were finished mom talked to the lady at the counter again to sign some papers. After that we were all done and they even gave us some lollypops. To set the table, I pull out five plates, one for each of the people in my family. I set each plate in front of a different chair on the table. Then I grab five napkins and set them near each plate. Next, I go to the silverware drawer. I pull out 5 forks, 5 spoons, and 2 knives. I set each of the spoons and forks on the napkin near each plate. I set one knife near my plate, because I am the mother, and one near my husband's plate. Children do not need to use knives unless their parents allow them to. Next, I go to another cupboard and pull out five glasses. I set a glass near each plate at the table. When the food is ready, I bring it over to the table and set it in the middle so that either myself, or my husband, can serve the food to everyone sitting at the table. I had n't gone for a hair cut in about 7 weeks so I was certainly due . The hair around the side of my head was starting to grow over my ears . I generally go the same hairdresser and ask for the same person , Sue who is very good at her job and is quite pleasant . So I make an appointment with Sue for the following Saturday morning . When I arrived the place was rather full with customers , seemingly more woman than men . Several people were covered with the big hair drying bag over their head which makes me giggle . I was told to go right in the back where the men 's area is located and sat down for my hair cut . After having my hair washed by a helper I was soon seated at Sue 's chair and enjoyed our usual small talk while she cut my hair . We discussed recent weekend getaways and holiday family gatherings . After she was done I gave her my usual tip and was on my way .  When my baby used the bathroom in her diaper, it did not smell good. I had to change it. I first went and got her diapers and the box of wipes ready. I picked her up and put her on the changing table. I did not leave her for a moment, since she could roll off and hurt herself. I talked to her while I removed her clothes and the old and stinky diaper. I balled it up and sit it to the side. I used the wipe to clean her up and get her ready for a fresh diaper. I carefully put the diaper on the right side up. I pulled the straps and made sure it was snug, but not too tight. I put her clothes back on and set her down safely. I took the old stinky diaper over to the garbage. I wrapped it up in itself and tossed it and the used wipes in the trash can. John tries to eat some pasta but all of the noodles were hard and crunchy. John's sister told him that he had to cook the pasta to make it soft so you could eat it. She told him to get a big pot of water and put it on the stove. He did just that and waited for his sister to tell him what to do next. Next she told him to carefully turn the fire on under the pot. John was extra careful because he did not want to burn himself. She told John to pour the hard pasta into the water after it starts bubbling from the heat. Once again John was very careful while doing this. She told John to set a timer for 12 minutes and to stir the noodles in the pot every few minutes. While the pasta was cooking, John's sister told him to open a can of tomato sauce to pour on the pasta when it was done. After the time was up John dumped the pasta water out and poured the sauce on the pasta. John let the pasta cool down and he took a bite. He thought it was delicious and he offered some to his sister for helping him learn how to cook it. Last Saturday my husband and I attended one of my childhood friend's wedding. It was held in a beautiful old church with dark wood and stained glass windows. It was in the late afternoon, and the weather made it feel very warm inside the old church. I walked into the church, signed the guest book, and found a seat in a pew to the left. We sat and waited for the ceremony to start, enjoying the pianist that was playing classical music while the guests were seated. Eventually, the family of the bride and groom were seated and the ceremony began. The bridesmaids walked in. followed by the flower girl, ring bearer, and bride. She was walked down the aisle with her father. She looked absolutely beautiful in a fitted white gown that looked vintage-inspired. Her father gave her to the groom and they began to say their vows. The officiant then pronounced them man and wife, and they kissed for the first time and husband and wife. I decided to take a road trip to New York city this weekend to see my friend.  I like to drive to New York because if I take public transportation then I am not allowed to take my dog, and my plan was to bring him to New York to visit my friend and her small dog.  I was originally planning to leave on Friday night but I altered my plan to leave early Saturday morning to avoid some traffic.  We woke up early and were in the car at 6:00 am.  I tucked my dog safely in the back of the car and I jumped into the drivers seat.  I started the car and began driving towards New York.  The traffic was really light and the roads were clear.  We did not have to make any stops and we were in New York in a few hours.  We ended up having a great weekend with our friend. Yesterday night was really scary. I woke up in the middle of the night to a loud screeching noise. It was very hot and smoky in my room. I quickly realized the screeching noise was my smoke detector, and my house was on fire! I grabbed my cell phone and my dog and we ran out of the house into the street. I knew I needed to reach the fire department. I turned on my cell phone and dialed the numbers that my mother taught me, when I was very small, to dial in an emergency. Those number were 9, then 1, then 1. Right away, a man answered and asked me what was wrong. I yelled, "My house is on fire!". He told me to stay calm, and to give him my address. Even though I was nervous, I was able to slowly and clearly tell him my address. He said to stay far away from the house, and the firemen would be there very soon. In just a couple of minutes, a big red fire truck pulled up to my house and put out the fire very quickly. Thankfully, my dog and I were fine, and my neighbors let me stay with them that night. I like to iron cloths, because I like to look nice and neat. I took out the ironing board and set it up near a plug in. I got the outfit that I wanted to wear, a shit and a pair of pants. I pulled in the iron to let it pre heat. While pre heating, I read the label on the shirt to see what temperature to iron it on. It is a cotton shirt with printed logo of my favorite band. To avoid melting the design, I placed the iron on a low temp and placed a towel over the shirt so the iron would not touch the design. I ironed the shirt sleeves first , starting with the shoulder and working my way back and forth perpendicular to the fibers towards the arm opening. I repeated the process for the body of the shirt, then hung it on a hanger while I ironed the pants . The pants would need to be ironed at a higher temperature, So I turned the iron up, placed the jeans on the ironing board with the jeans laying there like someone where wearing them. I straightened the seams and in long parallel strokes ran the iron over the legs of the pants. One evening, when my son was five years-old, we watched a learning video all about using the 911 telephone service in case our family ever needed to use it for emergencies.  It was my son's bed time by the time the 911 learning video ended.  While tucking my son in bed, we went over some of the things we learned.  My son correctly listed quite a few good examples someone might call 911 for: a fire (after leaving the burning),  a medical emergency (such as a severe, life-threatening accident or illness), or when we might need help from the police (an intruder trying to break into a home), and so on.  Proud of him, I kissed him goodnight and went to read a book.  A few minutes later, our doorbell rang.  Bewildered at who might ring our doorbell so late, I looked to see who was at the front door through a window.  The police! Opening the door, I asked the police officers if I could help them.  I was informed they received a call from someone at our address.  I could only chuckle and shake my head.  I brought my son to the front door, since he had a little explaining to do.  My son apologized for calling 911 when there was no emergency.  He had wanted to see what would happen if he dialed 911.  The officers were understanding, but reminded my son that 911 is really for emergencies only so they can be ready and available for true emergencies.  All in all, we think he learned his lesson! One of my favorite shirts has a bunch of buttons on it. When I went to put it on, I saw that one of the buttons had fallen off. It was on the ground below it. Luckily, I had a sewing kit. I pulled the kit out and looked through it, trying to find a good thread and a needle. It took me a while to find a needle because of how many things are in my kit. Once I found the needle, I threaded it with the thread. I put the shirt on a flat surface and placed the button where it needed to be. Very carefully, I put the needle through the button holes and through the back of the shirt. I pulled the string tight with each pass, and the button became more and more secure. On the last pass, I pulled it tight and made a knot. It came out perfect, and the button looked like it never fell off in the first place. When I was a kid , my dad was a licensed pilot and he had a small plane . It seated 4 . He lived in a small town about 2 hours by car north of the larger town when we kids lived with our mom . We would go visit my dad every other weekend . My grandfather was a pilot too and had a small plane . His was smaller , though , and only seated 2 people . It was fun to fly in because I got to sit in front and see out the front and watch him work the controls . When we flew with my dad , my stepmother sat in the front seat and all three of us kids sat in the back seat . We were small , so we all fit . There was n't much room for luggage , but my dad would load the luggage behind the back seat . Then he would do the preflight checks . Some of these were outside the plane , but most of them were done from the inside . He would radio the tower and ask for permission to take off . This was always very exciting . The takeoff was a little scary because in a plane that small you could really feel the wind and the forces of the take off . The flight itself was fairly boring because you could n't really see anything from the back . Sadly , I had bad motion sickness , and my main memory of the landings is throwing up down the back of my dad 's neck . I was excited for the upcoming party . I knew that I had a big day ahead of me which would be filled with planning and buying groceries . i made a list of everything that I would need . Chips , dip , pretzels , soda , cheese , crackers , frozen pizza , and frozen mozzarella sticks were just some of the things I needed to get . I drove to the supermarket and decided to get a big shopping cart to put everything in . I checked my list and then pushed my shopping cart from aisle to aisle . I saw that the chips were on sale so I was able to get an extra bag . After all of the snacks I went to the frozen aisle in order to get the pizza and mozzarella sticks . It was time for checkout so i waited on line until it was my turn . The cashier scanned my items and I swiped my credit card to pay for them . She bagged everything up and I was ready to go on my way home .  To celebrate the start of summer, myself and my closest friends went on a camping trip. The first night, we kicked off the trip by making a bonfire on the beach. First, we dug a shallow hole in the sand, laughing and singing along to the music that was blasting out of our boombox. We surrounded the pit with large rocks we found at the bottom of the beachside cliffs that grew up behind us, and then began to toss in the driest driftwood we could find. We topped it off with long branches that leaned in together like a tend, and then got ready to start the fire! We took a rolled up newspaper to make a makeshift torch, using a lighter to set the end on fire, and then pushed it into the logs. It was slow to catch, but soon the branches and logs began to smoke and smoulder. We threw in some dry grass and then the fire really started to blaze! As the sun set behind us, we gathered around the growing fire and watched the flames flicker in the wind. Last week my boss told me that I needed to go to a meeting in New York . I decided the best way to get to New York was to take a train . I went online and bought a train ticket that would get me there well ahead of the meeting start time . On the day of the trip I went to the train station and stood in line at the ticket counter . When I got to the front of the line I told the agent my name and they pulled up my reservation on their computer and printed out a paper ticket . I thanked them , took the ticket , and left the counter . Once I left the counter I went to the gate to wait for my train to come . When my train arrived , everyone waiting for that train lined up and walked through the gate while the attendant checked our tickets . Once I walked through the gate , I went outside and boarded the train . Thankfully I was able to sit alone , and I pulled out a magazine to read . A little while after the train started moving the conductor walked through the train car to check everyone 's ticket . I handed my ticket to the conductor and he scanned it and handed it back to me . Now I could enjoy my train ride and get back to reading my magazine . A little while later the conductor announced that the train had arrived in New York . The train came to a stop , and I got off of the train along with everyone else . I was pleased that I had a pleasant train ride , and I walked quickly through the train station to go outside and catch a cab to get to my meeting .  In my family, we always wait a long time before doing laundry.  Then we all do laundry together.  We pile are clothes up, wash them, and dry them together.  It is a huge ordeal.  There are literally pounds of clothes.  So we all work together.  My brother folds the pants.  My sister folds the shirts.  My mom sorts the stacks.  I usually fold the socks and such.  When my mom sorts the stacks, sometimes she knocks some of the clothes over.  I usually re-fold those clothes as well.  My brother does not like how we fold his clothes.  He decided to do it differently.  He started unfolding all of his clothes, and rolling them up into a sleeping bag shape.  He said that it kept away the wrinkles.  He always had the most wrinkled clothes though, so we folded the clothes the old fashioned way, with sharp creases and nice angles. For Jenny's thirteenth  birthday present her parents are giving her a  room makeover. Since she is a teenager now they agreed some renovations needed to be made. The first thing they will do is sit down and decide what kind of ideas Jenny has about what she would like her to look like now. After a few days of looking through some teen magazines Jenny decided she wanted her room to look tropical and have a hammock like she was in the jungle. They went to look at paint colors to see what inspired them for a design. While they were there they saw a huge floor to ceiling wallpaper poster of a jungle scene. Jenny and her mom agreed this was a great idea as a start. They bought the poster mural and some matching shades of green paint and went home to start their project. As they go along they will make more choices and add new things as they come up with unique ways to make it very Jenny like. I 'd had my old bike sitting around the house for a few months , but now that the weather is getting warmer I decided I should probably do something about the flat tire in the front . I 'd already tried using my bike pump ; it would inflate a little but I could never get it anywhere close to fully inflated . I know from past experience those fix-a-flat or emergency bike repair kits are pretty worthless . I think they 're made for the narrow old tires you 'd see on ten-speed street bikes . I have a mountain bike with large tires and a lot of pressure is needed to keep them inflated . Since I only live a few blocks from a bicycle repair shop I decided to take the bike there . I bought it at that shop anyway so I figured they 'd do the service for free , as promised . I stopped by , they took it in the back , replaced the inner tube of the tire , inflated it , and it was as good as new . Best of all , they only charged me ten bucks for the tube . That 's the beauty of local , independently own businesses . They really care about their customers .  I wanted to make my girlfriend her favorite roasted chicken dinner a few days ago . I realized that I did n't have everything I needed and had to go the grocery store for it . I drove to the store and got out and walked inside . After making a short list in my head , I wandered the aisles and grabbed the chicken , fresh vegetables and all of the necessary ingredients for the meal , as it has a lot of them . After grabbing everything I needed I then walked to the checkout counter . It was a very long line and I had to wait for a long time to purchase my items . The cashier apologized over and over and thanked me for being so patient . I then paid for my items and walked out to my car . I placed the goods into it and made sure to put my shopping cart back into the area with the rest of them . It was a bit of a stressful visit to the grocery store , but in the end , I made a successful dinner .  I woke up and looked at myself in the mirror . I realized that my hair was really long and unkempt and that it was time for a hair cut . Sometimes , when I do n't get a haircut , I look like a really scary homeless man . This is often because I do n't shave my big beard either . Whenever I get a haircut , it is when I also get a shave . So this means that I am often unshaven for three months straight . Since , I wanted to go back into the world again , I knew it was time for a new hair cut and shave . I went to the neighborhood Barber , Santiago 's , and got a hair cut and shave . He first used scissors to trim my hair into something manageable , then he used a electric trimmer to buzz some of my side burns off . He then continued using his scissors and cut my hair into something that was acceptable . He also had to take a few minutes to shave off my beard . First he trimmed the excess off with his electric trimmer . Then he proceeded to use a knife and shaving cream to give me a very deep shave . It costed a total of 50 dollars . This was n't bad considering I got a new hair cut , I was shaved , and they even offered to wash my hair for free .  John just finished doing the laundry and the bed sheets were dried. He took them out of the dryer when he heard the beep and took them in hand to smell them. He enjoyed the smell of freshly done laundry. He continued to put the sheets into the hamper and walked away to the bedroom. He took the sheets that were on the bed and threw them on the floor so he could change the sheets to clean sheets instead of dirty. He continued to place one side of the bed sheet to one side of the bed. He placed that side underneath the bed and stretched out the bed sheet to the other side of the bed. Then he continued the place it under the bed so it fit snuggly and stretch out the bed sheet again. He placed all of the sides under the bed so the bed sheet was across the entire bed so the bed sheets were now clean. He continued to place the dirty sheets into the hamper and took those to the washing machine. Today I felt hungry for lunch. I decided to make a hot dog. There are many ways to make a hot dog. You can grill it, boil it, microwave it, bake it, or fry it. Today I decided to boil it. First, I took a medium sized pot out of the cupboard and filled it with water from the sink. Then I placed the pot on a burner on the stove and turned the heat on high. Once the water began to boil, I placed the hot dog in the water. While the hot dog was cooking, I toasted a bun in the toaster oven. After about five minutes, I removed the hot dog from the pot and placed it in the bun. Then I added toppings. I like to eat hot dogs with ketchup, mustard, relish, and chopped onions. Once I added all of the toppings, I sat down at the dining room table and ate the hot dog for lunch. It was delicious. A while back I realized I needed some instructional material for a project I was working on , and searching for information on the internet was n't yielding the results I desired . I thought about other sources of information and realized that the library would probably have a book pertaining to what I needed . So I got in my car and set off for the library . Once I got there , I signed up for a library card since I knew I 'd need that to be able to borrow a book . I then went to one of the reference computers and searched for the book I was looking for . I found the dewey decimal code for the book I wanted , and set off through the aisles . Finally , I found the aisle I was looking for . It only took me a moment from there to find the book I wanted . Book in hand , I went back to the library counter . I told the librarian I 'd like to borrow the book . She wrote my information down and on the insert in the book , and gave me a due date . Then I was on my way . That 's how I borrowed a book from the library .  We all went to the theater the other day to see a fun play. It was a trip that our family had been planning for quite some time and we were all excited to get out and go! Our plan was to go see a new action movie that was playing in town. It was made by one of our favorite companies, and we all knew that it would be a great time to spend with each other. As we left for the theater we all sang songs in the car in anticipation of the movie. I sang louder than every body else in the car, just because I thought it would be the best thing to do at the time. When we got the the theater I was almost too excited to get in! I was hopping around and I just could not contain all of my pure excitement. I decided that I needed to boil some milk in order to make it warm for our hot chocolate. So I got a sauce pot out of the pantry, placed it on the stove, and turn the stove on high. As that was heating up, I went to the refrigerator, opened it, and took out the gallon of milk. I poured about a cup of milk into the saucepan that was heating on the stove. I opened the refrigerator to put the milk back inside as I waited for the milk on the stove to heat to a boiling temperature. In order to keep the milk from becoming scorched, I use a wooden spatula to gently stir the milk as the steam began to rise. In order to keep the milk from boiling over, once I saw that Steve was rising from the milk, I lower the heat to a medium temperature, but only for a minute. After the minute was over, I turned the heat completely off. I put a lid on top of the saucepan to cover the milk, and a loud it to sits for another minute before I poured the milk into our cups to make the hot chocolate. I cleaned my home and all I needed was to clean the bathroom. I got the mop and mop bucket out from the cleaning closet. I also got the floor cleaner and spray bathroom cleaner as well. I sprayed the toiler cleaner on to the toilet, and let it stay on there for a while so it would work its way cleaning all the grime. Once it had sit on the toilet, I wiped away the cleaner. I used more cleaner on the tub, shower and sink. Letting the cleaner soak for a while, then wiping it up.  I filled my bucket half way with water. I measured the right amount of floor cleaner and poured it in the bucket. I got the mop and dipped it in the bucket, the rang out the wetness. Starting from the back of the room, I went pushed the mop from one side to the other. My bathroom looked and smelled very fresh. Marcie was washing the last of the dinner dishes when she thought she heard her phone ring. She had been expecting a call from her mother, so she hurried to turn off the water and get to the phone. She had left it on the table by the door when she came home. She glanced at the screen and saw it was her mother calling, she had picked it up in time. Quickly, she pressed the answer button, and then the speaker button on her telephone. Then she held the phone in front of her face and spoke into it clearly. "Hello, mother dear," she said. "Hello, my girl," came her mother's soft voice out of the phone, "I've been waiting to talk to you all day long." Marcie smiled. "Then I'm glad you called," she said, "I've been wanting to hear your voice too." We are at the beach, and it is a little cold today. My friends and I think that a bonfire would be great to keep us warm. It can be a lot of fun to sit around a bonfire, especially with friends. I think of what we will need to make one. We will have to have things to burn. Wood is very good to burn, and is the only thing that should be used for fire. A bonfire is big, so we will need a lot of wood. It's hard to light big pieces of wood on fire, so we will need smaller pieces. The smaller pieces of wood are easy to light on fire, but bigger pieces burn longer. So, we will need both big and small pieces of wood. We gather the wood and stack the pieces of wood on top of each other. The small pieces are under the big pieces, so the fire starts easier. We light the small pieces on fire, which catches the big pieces on fire after a while. My friends and I watch the fire burn while staying far enough away from it to be safe. Every year at Christmas, my family and I like to go and see family at my grandma and grandpa's house.  They invite us over so that we can visit with each other and exchange gifts and talk about Jesus.  I loaded up my daughter into the car this past year and drove to their house.  It took about 30 minutes to drive there and I was really excited to see them.  When I got to their house, they welcomed us in and made us feel really happy.  About halfway through the night, we had some dinner that they had made.  We talked about how much we loved my grandma's roast beef and she felt really happy about that.  After dinner, we sat down and chatted about what was important at this time of year.  We like to talk about that and then leave right after we are ready to go. I wanted to do something special for my sister's upcoming birthday. I decided that taking her out to a surprise dinner at her favorite restaurant would be nice. She loves Italian food and her favorite of all is Milano'S Grill. I looked up in the yellow pages the number for Milano's Grill. I took out my phone and dialed the number. It rang three times before a hostess answered. I said that I wanted to make a reservation for that Thursday night at 8pm. I specified a table for two by the window. She informed that they only had an opening by the window at 8:30 pm or 7 pm on Thursday. I said I would take the 7 pm opening in that case and gave my name in order to hold the reservation. She thanked me and said they were looking forward to serving us on Thursday night. I hung up as the call was now completed. I also marked the time and date of this reservation on my calendar. I like to make scrambled eggs for breakfast. Usually I use two eggs if I am cooking for myself, but I will add more if other family members are joining me for the meal. I prefer to use free-range, organic eggs. Sometimes I buy eggs from a local farmer. They are very tasty and the yolks are often a dark orange color. I tap the eggs against the edge of a bowl and let the yolks and whites slide into the bowl.. I discard the shells. Then I add a little milk and some herbs, along with salt and pepper, and I beat the eggs with a whisk. I heat a pan and add a little butter. When the butter is melted, I add the egg mixture to the pan. As the eggs cook, I move them around the pan with a spatula. This makes the eggs become fluffy. Sometimes I sprinkle a little cheese on top. When the eggs are finished, I scoop them out onto a plate. It was very hot last Wednesday, so my two children and I decided to go to the swimming pool for the afternoon.  First, we had to get ready.  We got our swimsuits on and grabbed towels from the closet.  Swimming always makes us hungry, so we packed a small cooler with some snacks and bottled water.  We also remembered to bring the sunscreen.  We put everything in the car, and drove across town to the public swimming pool.  We paid the admission fee, then walked into the locker rooms and took a quick shower before getting into the pool.  That's one of the rules at the public pool.  After the shower, we walked into the pool area and found a nice spot to put our towels and cooler.  We put on sunscreen to prevent sunburn, then we were ready for the pool!  When we got in, the water felt really cold, but after we had swum around for a while, it felt refreshing.  It was a great day for a swim! The first steps in making toasted bread is to find the loaf of bread in the pantry. Remove the amount of pieces of bread that you want to eat. Place the pieces in the toaster with one piece per slot. Keep in mind there are several different settings on the toasted. The higher the number the more toasted the bread will be. Keep it at a medium setting to have  a good toast. With this toast you can do a lot with it. Once it is done it will pop from the toaster and you can immediately put butter on the bread so the butter will melt it. You can make a toasted sandwich with the bread. You can put jam on it, jelly on it, anything you want. Once you are done with the toaster be sure the toaster is in the off position so it does not burn the house down. When I went to work this morning, I wanted to take the train.  I got out of my apartment and walked down the street a few blocks.  When I arrived at 5th street, I turned down the stairs into the subway station.  I had a card that would be read by a machine to pay for my ride.  I took my card out of my pocket and swiped it in the machine.  The gate opened and I entered the subway station.  I waited a couple of minutes for my train to arrive and then I got on when the doors opened.  It was kind of crowded, so I kept standing and didn't sit down.  The ride was about 20 minutes long and it was pretty quiet on that train.  When the announcer came over the intercom and said we were at 37th street, I got off of the train and left. Today I went to visit a museum.  When we got there, we had to wait in line to buy tickets.  I took money from my purse and handed it to the attendant.  The attendant handed me my tickets for the museum, and showed me where to enter.  When I first walked in, I had to choose which way to walk.  I chose to walk to the right, where there were dinosaurs.  Big statues of T Rex and Stegosaurus were standing tall in the room, and I took some pictures with my camera.  I walked through the exhibit and went into the art room.  There were paintings and photographs and different sculptures.  Many different colors were on the wall, and I took some more photos.  Finally, I went through the sea exhibit, that shows animals under the sea. In one part of the room was a small aquarium, that held small fish, snails and baby sharks.  Above my head was a huge blue whale, that was made of plastic and other material, but looked very real.  I read some of the descriptions that told me information about the sea animals.  When I was tired, I walked to the exit of the museum, and left. There are few times in my life that I really enjoy getting the newspaper. However, after September 11th, 2001, that seemed like the one thing I really looked forward to doing in the morning. I knew the events that happened the day before and their impact on the world would be heard fast and impactful. The newspaper was the quickest way to get a real feeling for how it would be felt and how the reactions would be coming in. This event also experienced some of the best graphic design work ever done - especially in comparison to the old newspapers that ran historic events like the JFK assassination and whatnot. After getting the newspaper, I sat at the kitchen table with my cup of coffee and read the entire paper from front cover to back page, word for word. That may be the only time that I had ever done that and the most memorable time that I've ever read the newspaper. The last time I wanted to borrow a book from the library I was in a different town than my home town . I talked to the librarian about this and he told me that it was possible for me to obtain a guest pass , though this would only allow me to take out two books at a time . Since this was my only option I decided I would take it . I filled out the form , providing my name and address , and showed him my identification card , and I was given a library card . I used the card to pick up two books : a collection of poetry and the book Hylozoic by Rudy Rucker . The librarian told me that I had to return the books within the space of three weeks , so as soon as I returned to my house I began to read them immediately . After I was done with the books I returned them to the library .  Last week I made scrambled eggs.  First I chopped green peppers an onions into small pieces.  Next I cracked the eggs, and mixed them with milk in a bowl.  Then I put a pan on the stove and sprayed vegetable oil in the pan to keep the eggs from sticking.   I turned on the stove and waited a minute for the pan to get hot.  I poured the egg mixture into pan.  I added the chopped onions and peppers.  I made sure to stir as I cooked so the eggs cooked evenly.  When the eggs were cooked I added graded cheese.  The warmth of the eggs melted the cheese.  I ate the eggs with my daughter.  She liked them but did not like the onions and peppers.  She asked me not to put onions and peppers in the eggs next time.  I am glad she will want to eat scrambled eggs again even if she does not like onions and peppers in them. Yesterday I prepared my dinner. It was macaroni and cheese. I like to eat mac and cheese. I got my big favorite pan out of the cabinet and put some water into it to heat up. I like watching the water to see when it will boil. When it started to boil I poured in the noodles and turned down the heat a little. While the noodles where cooking I made sure I had all my other ingredients lined up and a colander to drain the noodles into the sink. When the noodles where done I drained the noodles and put them back into the pan. I then mixed in the milk, butter and cheese and mixed them together real good. I put everything I did not need to soak in the sink. I liked eating the hot mac and cheese. I might make it again tomorrow or everyday to eat. Yesterday, I went to the dog park with my dog. Taking my dog to the park can be quite an ordeal but I manage it pretty well I think. First, I make sure I have all of his supplies ready. That means making sure I have his toys, his water bowl, and plenty of water for both me and him. Next, I make sure the weather is all clear. The last thing I want to do is get caught in the rain with my dog at the park. Once I see that the weather is fine, we head out to the park. Once we're at the park, it's time to have fun! I unleash Dobby and get his toys out and start playing with him. I also meet other dog owners that typically frequent the park and we catch up. Dobby is romping around with the other dogs by this time and I simply keep an eye on him to make sure he doesn't get into trouble. After an hour or so, we then head home to get some dinner. When I was young, my mom asked me to set the dinner room table.  She had taught me where to put the cup, plates, spoon, fork, knife, and bowls.  I got out all of the items for the 9 people that were in my family.  I asked my older brother to help me because we would get it done faster.  We put the plates down first and then put the forks and spoons.  We filled up the cups last with water and some with lemonade.  We put the cups back on the table and got all of the food out that my mom needed.  We put the food on the table and got out spoons and forks to serve the food up with.  We then got on the intercom and called everyone that was in my family to get upstairs and to eat dinner with the rest of us there. I wanted to bring some homemade soup to a friend who has been ill. I decided to make a pot of chicken noodle soup. I got out a wooden cutting board, sharp knife, and large stock pot, and put them all on the kitchen counter. I took carrots and celery from the refrigerator, and took a large sweet onion from the counter. First, I peeled the carrots and washed them. Then, I chopped off the ends of the carrots. Then, I chopped the carrots into small slices and placed them in the pot. I chopped the ends off the celery sticks, washed them, and chopped them into slices. The celery went into the pot, too. Next, I peeled the onion and rinsed it. I placed the onion on its end and sliced it into several chunks. I chopped the onion chunks one at a time, and then I slid the pieces into the pot. I added chicken stock, precooked chicken, and herbs and spices to the pot, and placed it on the stove to simmer. Every day, when I get home from school I unpack my backpack and do my homework as quickly as I can. Once I finish my homework, I take my dog on a walk through our neighborhood. I have a Golden Retriever, and her name is Stella. She is four years old and loves going on walks. I grab her leash and attach it to her collar. I take a back pack with me, which I carry my phone in, alongside a second leash, doggie doo doo bags to pick up after Stella if she decides to use the restroom and a water bottle. We walk all throughout my neighborhood and some days I even take her on a walk through the green ways which she loves. We stick to the sidewalk, and if she needs to take a rest she sits down on the sidewalk and we wait for a few minutes, and continue. I love taking Stella on walks, except she sometimes barks at squirrels because she is scared of them. I eventually have to walk home with her, and get ready for bed and eat dinner though, but I love taking Stella on walks. The crying told me that the baby was hungry. I grabbed a prepared bottle from the refrigerator filled with formula. I prepare about 6-8 bottles ahead of time and place in the refrigerator so the baby doesn't have to wait long for food when hungry. I take the bottle, cold and wet feeling, placing it under hot tap water for 30 seconds. I can control the temperature and it is safer than microwaving for the baby. After testing a drop or two of warmed formula on my wrist, to make sure it isn't too cold or hot, it is time to pick up the baby and feed them. I hold the baby in my arms as they longingly look into my eyes. I talk to the baby and even sing, although my singing isn't the best. After about fifteen minutes the baby isn't drinking anymore. I put them over my shoulder and rub their back in order for them to burp. I then prop them up in their baby seat so as not to choke. I sit them in the kitchen with me as I clean the bottle. My sister, Rachel, and I were planning to make surprise dinner reservations at a nice restaurant for my parent's 30th wedding anniversary. I got online and looked at the different restaurants in the area, and selected a nice Italian restaurant in the city. I found the number on their webpage, and called the number that was listed. When the person on the other end answered, I explained that I was trying to make dinner reservations approximately 30 days in the future. The person who answered, a man, asked me how big of a party did I need to be accommodate.  The surprise dinner was for my parents, and my sister, older brother and I all planned to attend. So, I told the man on the phone that I needed to seat five people. The man then asked me what time would I be arriving at the restaurant. I told the man that we would like to come in and eat around 6 o'clock.  He then confirmed the date and time with me one last time, and asked me for my phone number and first and last name. After confirming the date and giving the man my information, he thanked me for my reservation and wished me a good day. I then hung up the phone. As the first of the month rolls around I know that it is going to be time to pay the bills. I have some bills that I pay via them being automatically withdrawn from my bank account. Others I like to see every month to be sure there are no mistakes. If it varies from month to month then I want to see it. So I sit down at my computer with all of the bills to pay in hand. I log on to each website and enter my information. After I do this I can see my account and how much I owe to the company. I enter in my payment information and click submit. After this I move on to the next bill until I have completed paying all of my bills. I save the bills that I have paid and write down the date that I paid them. This morning I woke up and I wanted to read the newspaper. There is a delivery person who delivers the newspaper to my home every single morning. I got out of bed and put  my robe on over my pajamas, so I would not be cold when I went out side in to the morning air. When I walked out of my door I saw that the paper was not on my walk was as it usually was. I had to walk farther down the drive way to pick the newspaper up. When I walked to where the newspaper was, I bent down to pick it up. Once I had it in my hand, I walked back inside of my door. When I was inside I went to the kitchen table. I opened the paper to my favorite section and started to read it. I was very happy to read the newspaper. In the mornings, my dog comes into the bedroom to wake me up.  She usually whines so I will get up and take her to the bathroom.  We go downstairs and I take her outside.  If it's cold I wait by the door but if the weather is nice, I go out with her.  She will walk around and sniff the yard to see if other dogs have been there.  After she sniffs around for a while, she will finally go to the bathroom.  Sometimes she will try to chase a squirrel.  If there is a rabbit nearby they will have a stand off and the rabbit usually wins.  My dog will go somewhere else in the yard and leave the rabbit alone.  Then she comes back to the door and we go inside.  Once we are inside, she expects for me to give her a snack which I do. Feeding a small baby is an important task.  Small babies or infants need special food that is just for them.  They drink only mother's milk or baby formula.  Mother's milk usually comes from the baby's mother and would be prepared by her ahead of time.  Here is how I feed a baby.  First I place the mother's milk in a bottle, or I mix the dry formula and water being careful to measure the correct amounts of both in the baby bottle stirring until the powder is completely dissolved.  Then I place the bottle in a pan of water on the stove and warm it until it feels just slightly warm.  Not too hot and not too cold.  When the milk is ready, I hold the baby with one arm and hold the baby's bottle with the other hand and let the baby drink.   It is important to hold the bottle upright so the baby does not swallow air.  When the baby is finished drinking help her burp.  I put a cloth on my shoulder and hold the baby against my shoulder, and gently pat her back until she burps.  When she burps she usually spits up a little milk which is caught by the cloth.  Now the baby will usually want to sleep. The bathroom was filthy.  It was time to clean it up.  I first started by picking up the laundry that covered the floor.  Next I emptied the trash can.  I decided to open the window to let in some fresh air.  Then started to clean the tub and the sink.  The last plumbing item I cleaned was the toilet.  I scrubbed the outside and then the bowl.  Everything was sparkling clean.  Now it was time to mop the floor.  I filled a bucket with cleaner and mopped the floor.  After it dried, I wiped down the mirrors and windows.  It smelled so fresh and clean!  I changed out the trash bag and closed the window.  I made sure all the linens were clean and changed and then I took down the shower curtain.  I  went outside and sprayed down the shower curtain.  After it would dry, I would replace it. I woke up in the morning and I wanted to read today's newspaper. We do not get the newspaper at the house because we chose not to subscribe to a newspaper delivery service. I got dressed and made a cup of coffee before I decided to get the paper. I grabbed my car keys, went outside and got into my car. I drove my car up to the gas station about 1 mile from my house where they have a news paper box. I got out of the car and walked up to the newspaper box and made sure it was today's paper by looking at the one placed against the glass window. To get the paper, I had to place $1.00 in quarters into the coin slot at the top of the newspaper box. Once I put the coins in, I pulled the handle on the box and reached in to grab my newspaper. I then walked back to my car, got in, and drove home. When I start ironing, I usually begin with damp clothing. Wrinkles are often easier to remove from damp fabric. A bonus is that a lovely warm scent often rises up off whatever item I am ironing as I press it flat and smooth. I set up my ironing board before I begin. Then I plug in and turn on my iron, usually filling it with water before I do, and setting it to the highest temperature that matches the fabric I'm ironing first. Cottons need more heat than synthetics. Then I organize the things I plan to iron in a basket. I put simple items on the bottom, and more complicated things like shirts and blouses on top, and do them first. It doesn't take much time to organize the wash before I begin, and saves work in the end. I start ironing a shirt or blouse at the collar, ironing it flat, and then turning it over to iron the other side. Then I do the cuffs, if any, and the decorations, if any. Then I hang the garment up, so it won't wrinkle again, and go on to the next. During my high school years I applied for a job working in a restaurant. I fill out an application for a position as a cook or a desk clerk. Later that week I was interviewed to work in the dining room as an assistant helper. My first task was to set up a small dining table which was an new experience to me. My first night I had everything backward and completely wrong.  The next day I showed up for work determining to do the job right, because I really needed the money as a high school senior. I was successful in setting the small dining table. Shortly after, a family of of twelve made reservation and I was put on the spot to set up the dining room table. I made up my mine and put a lot of effort in doing so and I was successful. I was praise for such a well known job and was offer the clerk position. I came to a conclusion that this was just a test. Yesterday morning, I took a shower. I started by bringing in my change of clothes, as it is always more convenient to change after the shower than it is to walk all the way over to my room to do it. I tend to let the shower water run first so that it can heat up, and I spend that time brushing my teeth. Once I'm done, I place my towel at the end of the shower opposite of the shower head. Typically, I'll stay under the hot water for quite a few minutes, as a shower is really my only means of relaxation. After that, I'll use some shampoo on my hair and let that wash away. Sometimes I'll use soap, but soap is something that isn't as necessary as people think it is, so I try not to use that too often. And after a lengthy amount of time rinsing off, I simply allow myself to stand there after turning the shower water off, thinking about the day ahead of me and whatever other thoughts ran through my mind during the shower. And then, I get out of the shower, dry off, and get dressed. It was time for my baby to eat. She is old enough to eat soft baby foods, but not quite ready to eat on her own yet. So, I gathered up a selection of baby food jars. I chose beef, and carrots, and a custard for dessert. I put a little apple juice it the spill proof glass. Then, I put the beef and carrots on a little plate and heated them slightly in the microwave. Then I picked up my little baby girl, and put her in the high chair, put the tray in place, and fastened her bib in place. After that, I brought the food over, sat down in the other chair, and began feeding her. She was pretty hungry, and the foods I chose were her favorites, so she was ready for the next bite before I even had the spoon ready. She finished her meal quickly. I cleaned her up with a damp washcloth and put her down for her nap. Last Saturday was a very hot day, so my friend and I went to our neighborhood pool to cool off. We got dressed in our swimsuits at her house, and then we put on our street clothes over them. We wanted to save time at the pool. It's only two blocks away, and we wore our flip-flops to walk there. We kept them on when we took cool showers in the changing room too. When we came out we spread out our beach towels in the shade, and put on our sunblock. My friend has long hair, so she put on a bathing cap to keep it out of her eyes. We talked for a while, until we felt so warm we needed to go in the water. Then we dove in and raced each other across the shallow end. She is a little bit faster than I am, but I'm learning. The library is one of my favorite places on earth ! My Mom takes us to the library at least once a week . I like reading so much that my Mom asked the librarian to give me an adult library card so I could check out more books . The kids card only allows you to check out two books a week , and only from the children 's room . The adult card gives me all access -LRB- at the librarian 's discretion my mom said -RRB- and six books a week ! When I get to the library I like to browse the new releases shelves . Sometimes I ask the librarian for a suggestion . If I have a specific topic I want to read I might do a search on the computer . Once I have the books I want I take them up to the librarian along with my library card and she checks me out , reminding me of when the books are due .  When you are cleaning up toys, it is important to first see how much cleaning up you have to do. Once you have figured out what you have to clean and how you are going to accomplish it, it is important to gather  the necessary equipment to clean with. Once you have done this, you should start to complete the chore in whatever fashion that you feel is most appropriate. You can do this by going in one direction or by following whatever manner that you wish. You may want to use a vacuum to clean up dust or anything else that may be in your way. You also most likely want to have something to store the toys that you are cleaning so that they do not wind up back all over the floor. If you are able to do this, you should be well prepared to clean efficiently and effectively. I knew the big picnic basket was up in the attic, so I headed up the steep little stairs to get it. It was right where my aunt May had put it last year when the summer season ended. I took it down to the kitchen and put it on the counter. I took bread out of the bag and stacked it on a plate, and got the meat and cheese out of the refrigerator along with mayo and mustard. After putting all the ingredients on the counter, I made two sandwiches for everyone going out to the lake today. Putting them in the huge basket, I added a bag of chips. The basket still seemed to be missing something. I put away all the stuff for sandwiches, and started looking through the drawers of produce. Fruit would be a nice addition to this picnic, I thought to myself. I added a bag of pears and a bag of apples to the sandwiches and chips. The basket was now a lot heavier, and ready to go. Loading it in the car, I was excited to see all my friends at the lake, and to share my lunch with them. I wanted to buy some things online, so I got my laptop. First I had to go to the site I wanted to buy from. I wanted to buy some things from Amazon. I went to the site. I had to sign in to my account. Put in my email and password. I browsed the site for a while. When I found the things I wanted, I compared prices. Some of the prices were higher and some lower. Some offered free shipping, and some charged a lot for shipping while others charged just a little. I chose the lowest shipping cost. When I had picked out everything I wanted, I went to my cart on the website. I had to enter my billing info in. I put my named, address and card number in the website. Once I did that, I just needed to confirm my mailing address. I put that in as well. Then all I had to do was wait for my items. I recently needed to go to a moderately distant city . Because it is on the other side of a local mountain range , travel in my car would be very hard on it , and I might get lost . Fortunately there is a passenger train that goes between out two cities . I had , before this trip , never been on any kind of train bigger than one at the amusement park . I was very excited for this opportunity . When I arrived at the station I was very pleased to see that the train had large windows . While on the trip these proved to be wonderful for all of the gorgeous views provided by nature . As my trip was a half day journey . I stopped in the dining car for lunch , I found it highly enjoyable to eat on the train , and this also helped to distract me from the time . When I arrived in the other city I met a friend who was eager to learn about my trip .  I always helped my sister with her little children as I was growing up.  One of the things I did for her was babysit for her, and I helped her with the diaper changing too. I did this so many times for her! I was a good sister!  For her baby Anna, I always laid her down on a cloth or towel, or even better a table that is just for changing babies.  I unsnapped her clothes and unfastened the diaper.  I took the diaper off and it was a little messy.  Then I took some baby wipes, and wiped the baby down so that there was no more mess on the baby.  Then I put baby powder or sometimes ointment if Anna had a rash, to help the baby rash. Then I slid the clean diaper under the baby's bottom. I fastened the tabs of the diaper to the front of the diaper to secure it onto the baby. I was riding my new bicycle when I stumbled over a rock or something . The tire seemed to explode upon impact . I struggled to stay atop the bicycle but was fortunately able to keep my balance . I knew that I had to fix my tire in order to use the bike . I knew the local gas station was only a few blocks away so I decided to walk my bike there . The first thing I did was get something to tape up the hole . The manager gave me some sort of sticky resin in order to patch things up . I went to the air pump to put some air into the tire and once it was full I was ready to patch it up . I used the resin to cover the hole and the tire seemed as good as new . I rode the bike home and made sure to avoid rolling over anymore rocks .  When I was sixteen, I started to take lessons in driving.  I took them from my teacher and had a class with him before I took any lessons in a car.  He would tell us about what to do at a stop sign and other rules that we follow on the road.  After I had studied hard, I took a test that said I was ready to get into a car.  When I went to my first driving lesson, I was nervous that I would crash, but my teacher told me to relax.  I turned the key and started driving where my teacher told me to drive.  We went on streets and even the freeway!  It was hard to get used to, but I started to feel more comfortable before too long.  We drove back to the school and my teacher gave me a score on how I had done. It had been a long time since I had heard from my grandma, and she does not understand how to use email.  I tried to call her, but it was difficult for her to hear me.  She would just hang up on me.  So I decided to mail her a letter.  I went to the local variety store and bought some supplies.  I bought some stationary and some envelopes.  I also bought a nice pen.  I wrote the letter with large print so she could read it.  I folded the letter up and I wrote her address on the envelope.  I used our address as the return address.  I went to the post office and waited in line.  The people at the post office waited patiently.  When it was my turn, I gave my envelope to the cashier.  The cashier weighed it for me and asked for postage.  I paid her and my letter was sent! Today, I decided to write a letter to my best friend. I sat down at my desk and opened the drawer to find my favorite stationary and pen. I'm left handed, so when I started writing, I got a few smudges from the pen on my hand. My friend lives in Arizona, so in my letter, I asked about the weather and how her summer has been going. I know it has been very hot in Arizona, so I told her to stay cool and use sunscreen. When I finished my letter, I folded it and put it into an envelope. My friend lives in Arizona and I live in Mississippi, so I had to mail it. I addressed the envelope and put a stamp on it. I washed the smudges from my hand and carried the letter to my mailbox so the mailman could pick it up the next day. My baby was running a fever and needed some medicine to make him feel more comfortable. I went into the pantry, where we keep the medical supplies, and took out the box of children's Tylenol. I got a plastic syringe from our silverware drawer. I made sure that the syringe was clean by washing it with a little water. Once the syringe was clean and dry, I opened the top of the medicine bottle. Then I put the tip of the syringe inside the medicine bottle so that it was submerged in the medicine. After that I pulled up on the back part of the syringe which made medicine go up into the syringe. I brought it up to about 3 ml. My wife held our baby and I put the tip of the plastic syringe into his mouth, just in the middle of his tongue. I pressed down on the back of the syringe and the medicine went into his mouth and throat. He drank it happily because it tasted good. I hadn't yet learned to drive.  My father enrolled me in driving lessons at the school.  First, we went inside the classroom as the teacher instructed us on the rules of the road.  We followed along in the notebook.  After that, we had to watch a video issued by the state on safety and driving.  Then we had to take a written test.  The ones of us that passed the written test were assigned a certain day to return to drive in the car.  I came back two days later for the driving part of the lesson.  We got into the car and the instructor sat in the passenger side seat.  He told me what to do and what not to do.  He gave me a route to drive and we drove for half a day.  We filled up the gas tank and then returned to the lot around noon. Late one night I thought to myself how great it would be to go to the beach with a few friends. The summers are hot where I live and this would be a great way to escape the heat. It should be a beach party! The first thing I did was dial a few buddies and we set up a time the next day. I began packing the essentials, such as as sun screen, beach towels, drinks and snacks. Then I went to sleep eagerly awaiting morning, the time which we agreed upon. My alarm went off and I woke up happy for the day ahead. I took a shower and made a light breakfast. Then I headed out the door to pick up my friends. We had decided I would drive since it was my idea. It seemed fair. I picked up my friends one by one and we were en route to the beach. Once there we set up everything from the beach towels to the snacks and drinks. We made sure to wear sunscreen and we had plenty of fun. It was the best beach party ever. Bobby and his friends decides they want to go have fun Friday night after school. Bobby suggests going to the arcade, but Jimmy says, "Let's go to the shopping centre." The rest of the boys agree, and they head over to the shopping centre that is 2 blocks away from the school. Bobby really wanted to go to the arcade, but decides to tag along with his friends to the shopping centre instead. The boys finally approach the stores and roam around wondering what new clothes they can buy. Most of the items in the store were really expensive. Bobby only saved up to 50 dollars from the amount of chores he did last month, so he didn't have much to spend. Bobby suggests that they go to the food court to get some food before they start wandering around. Everyone agrees and they all go marching onto the food court to get some yummy food. Earlier in the week I was in the mood for some pizza.  I looked to see if I had any coupons for pizza from local pizza restaurants.  I did not, so I called the nearest restaurant that delivers pizza.  I told the woman on the line that I wanted a pizza with pepperoni and black olives.  She asked me what size pizza I wanted.  I ordered a large, so that I could have leftovers for another couple meals.  The woman asked for my address, and asked me to confirm my phone number so they could call when the pizza was ready.  She then told me the pizza would be ready in around half an hour.  I thanked her and hung up the phone.  I read a book while I waited for the pizza to arrive.  After around half an hour, I heard a knock at my front door.  I came to the door, and a man stood there holding a pizza box.  I paid for the pizza, and tipped the delivery person.  I was excited to enjoy my pizza. I was so nervous about my first date with a pretty girl named Emma that I had met at work.  I finally had gotten up the nerve to ask her to dinner.  She said yes!  I made reservations at a nice Italian restaurant.  I took extra care in getting ready and picked her up at 6:30 for our 7:00 reservation.  She looked amazing, wearing a pretty pink and white dress with a halter top and white sandals.  I parked the car and we went inside.  We were seated immediately and I asked her if she would like to split a bottle of wine.  She said yes and we agreed on a red wine.  The waiter served us while we looked at the menu.  We ordered and had a really nice conversation while waiting for our food.  It felt very comfortable and we got to know more about one another.  The evening flew by!  It was a warm night, so after dinner we went to a local park and sat on a bench looking at the stars and talking some more.  We agreed then that we would like to go out on another date soon.  I was very happy as I drove her home and gave her a kiss on the cheek when I walked her to her door. When I was walking down the street at school yesterday, I saw that someone was fixing something.  As I got closer, I found out that the person was actually putting newspapers into a dispenser.  I told him that I would really like one.  He told me that I would need to pay 50 cents to buy the newspaper, and only after he was done.  So I waited a few minutes for him to finish stocking up the newspaper display case and then I was ready to buy them.  I got out my money in a form of a couple quarters and I put them in the little slot to put money in.  After a second, I was able to open the door to the case and to grab one of the newspapers out of the case.  I read it while I walked to my next class down the street from there. Yesterday afternoon, my friends and I went out to go dancing together. My friends and I enjoy all kinds of dance, so we first needed to decide what kind of dance we wanted to do. We all agreed that we wanted to learn a new kind of dance. We settled on learning salsa at a local dance studio in our neighborhood. We called the studio and asked if we could sign up to take a salsa class together. The studio let us know the price of the class, which we agreed to pay. We then went to the studio together and rented special shoes that we needed to wear to salsa dance in. The studio also had fancy dresses that women could rent for the dance class. Traditional salsa dancers wear fancy clothing when they dance sometimes, so my friends and I decided to rent those dresses. Our instructor taught us all kinds of new salsa dances yesterday. We all had a great time going dancing. It was my son's birthday and I had planned to throw a birthday party for him. He was turning 5 years old so I made sure there was a lot of fun activities to engage in. I invited 20 people from our neighborhood to attend this birthday party. My son had also invited 5 of his friends from school to attend. The party was scheduled to start at 3:00pm. There was going to be a magic show at 4:00pm. My son was always fascinated by magic tricks. The party was held in our backyard which had a lot of room. For outdoor activities I bought a mini pool, a blow up playhouse, and a cotton candy station. All of the children who attended enjoyed making their own cotton candy. There was food, drinks, candy, and a giant cake to conclude the party. Also, I sent everyone home with a doggie bag of candy of a small toy to remind them of their attendance. Every one enjoyed themselves and the magician did a fantastic job. Yesterday, I went to the funeral of my grandma Rose Elizabeth. My dad's mother. She was the grandma I was closest to out of my grandparents. Early in the morning I got up and had breakfast with my family, my dad was very quiet, eating at the table and staring out the window. He was visibly sad even though my grandma, his mom, had been sick for many years and her passing away was expected.  However, death is never easy. After breakfast, we all left to get showered and dressed for the funeral. As it is custom to do, we all wore solid black attire: black clothes from head to toe. I wore a black dress, black stockings, and a black blazer with black heels. After everyone was dressed and ready to go, we got in the car, and drove over to the church. Many people came up to us at the funeral ceremony to give us their condolences, they were truly sorry for our loss. The preacher gave a touching sermon about God and his plan for all of us in this lifetime, and gave thanks to God for Rose Elizabeth's life, and her many achievements. At the end of the ceremony, we all walked out to the church's cemetery and said our goodbyes to our grandmother for the last time as we watched as her casket was closed and lowered down into the ground.  We watched as flowers were placed on the grave. We then left to go home and be together as a family and support each other through the sad time of our grandmother's passing. I washed our clothes the other day. I piled all of the clothes from our hamper into a basket. I walked downstairs with the basket and poured the detergent into the washing machine. I then put all of the clothes into the washing machine. The clothes were a mix of light and dark, so I set the dial on the washer to normal wash with cool water. I turned on the washer and went back upstairs. After about 45 minutes, I went back downstairs and the clothes were done. I removed the clothes from the washer and put them in the dryer. I set the dryer to the normal setting and turned it on. After about 40 minutes I came back downstairs and the dryer was done. I removed the clothes and put them in the basket. I took the basket upstairs and folded all of the clothes. I then put all of the clothes back into their appropriate drawers. First off I made sure I had everything I needed: hot dogs, buns, butter, relish, and mustard. Then I put some cooking oil in a frying pan and put it on the stove and turned the burner up to a little above medium. I let the pan get hot and then I put the hot dog into it. The hot dog was sizzling in the oil, but the oil was not smoking, so I knew the heat was just about right. I used a fork to turn the hot dog frequently as it cooked. This took about 5 minutes, and when the hot dog was brown all the way around I knew it was done and I took it off the heat. I split the hot dog bun open and spread some butter on it. I put the cooked hot dog in the bun and added some mustard and relish. All ready to eat! The cat was pleased. Despite the quarrel and ensuing biting, the cat was fed and watered. I had entered the house with the food, and shook the bag. I thought this would be a nice invitation to the cat, but it came at me, scratching at my eyes and face. I threw the cat across the room, and focused on opening the bag of food while it regrouped. I quickly poured the food into the bowl while I heart the skittering claws speed up to lunge at me again. The cat was halfway to me before it saw the food bowl was full. It stopped, and eyed the food. It looked at me, then at the food. Pondering another attack, the cat sat and decided no, I had done enough.  The cat was pleased, and promptly sat down to eat at the food I had poured into the food bowl. Today is the weekend, it's time to do all the laundry piled up from the week. We generally keep our laundry in a basket in the washing room. On Saturday morning, i went to the washing room and emptied the laundry basket in the washing machine. I topped the washing liquid into it and switched it on. Two hours later, the laundry was ready. I took it out of the machine and placed it in the tumble-dryer. After 60 minutes of tumble drying, the laundry was ready. I sorted it into items that can be stored directly and others that require ironing. Items like shirts, tops, and trousers were set aside. I plugged my iron to heat it and brought the ironing board to start. After setting up the ironing board, i started ironing each piece of laundry, making sure i cover every wrinkle. Once done, i returned the ironing board to its place and folded the clothing items and placed them into the cabinet. I flew from Amsterdam to New York City last week . I had purchased and reserved my ticket a week in advance . I left the hostel I was staying and arrived at Schiphol Airport at about 21:00 . After waiting about 2 hours for the flight check-in , I boarded the plane . I went to and found my seat , located on the left-hand side near the middle of the plane . I placed some of my hand luggage in an overhead compartment and sat down next to another passenger who was seated to my right . I watched the rest of remaining passengers who were heading to their seats . About 20 minutes later , once everyone was seated and were given basic safety instructions by the flight attendants , the pilot announced that the we were now going to take off for New York . The plane engines then started , and we were soon airborne with Amsterdam soon far below us . It was a evening flight , so I slept on and off for a little while , then began watching an in-flight movie . After about 3 hours , we were served a light dinner of a chicken entree , bread , and juice . The food was surprisingly tasty and I enjoyed it . After finishing my meal , I relaxed and occasionally looked out the window at the night sky , as well as occasionally chatting with the person sitting next to me . Finally , the pilot announced that we were approaching JFK airport . The plane touched down shortly afterwards , and we safely landed in New York . I got up in the morning and my stomach was growling.  I was really hungry, so I went into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator and pulled out the eggs.  I took a glass bowl out of the cupboard and cracked three eggs into the bowl.  Then, I took a whisk and beat the eggs so they were scrambled.  I added just a little bit of milk so my eggs would be nice and fluffy.  Then, I took out a frying pan and turned on the stove.  I greased the pan and added the egg mixture. I was very careful not to burn the eggs and moved them around the pan while they cooked.  I waited until they were cooked through and took them out of the pan and put them on my plate.  I sprinkled a little bit of cheese on the scrambled eggs because they taste better that way, and I sat down and ate! Last weekend, I was babysitting for a family friend who has a three year old daughter. My friend warned me that her daughter was having some stomach issues but told me where the medicine was in case the daughter needed any while I was with her. My friend left and I began playing with her daughter. After a while, it was time for dinner so I cooked the daughter some macaroni and cheese with apple slices. She seemed hungry and was eating most of her dinner. However, about half an hour after she'd finished, she started complaining that her stomach hurt. I decided that since her stomach was hurting I would give her the medicine my friend had left for me. The medicine was a very thick pink liquid designed for kids, so I was hoping that her daughter would eat it easily. She was upset at first and said she didn't want to eat the yucky stuff, but I promised her that it would make her stomach feel better. We counted down from three and she swallowed a whole spoonful of the medicine. I gave her a high five for being brave, and about twenty minutes later her stomach felt better again. There are a number of bills I have to pay every month.  If I don't pay my bills, then bad things can happen, like not being able to use electricity or water.  I set most of my bills so that they are paid automatically.  When I moved to my apartment, I sent information for my bank account to the electric company and the cable company.  I can't pay my water bill automatically.  Once a month, I get a bill in the mail.  I got my water bill last Thursday.  I opened the letter and see how much money I owed.  Then I got out my checkbook, and wrote a check for that amount.  I made sure to write my address in the memo line and "water bill" so that the people at the water company know what the check is for.  I put the check in an envelope, and addressed it to the water company.  I also put my own address in the top left corner, and a stamp in the top right.  I walked to my mailbox and sent the envelope.  Now I don't have to worry about my water bill for another month. Yesterday I cleaned my apartment. One of the main things I do when I clean my apartment is vacuum the carpet. The carpet can get very dirty because I have two cats. This means that the carpet often gets covered with cat hair, as well as little pieces of litter that get stuck to the cats' paws when they use the litter box. I got the vacuum out of its storage place in the front closet. I unraveled the cord and plugged the vacuum into the nearest outlet. I then turned the vacuum on and vacuumed the carpet. I had to go over some places a few times in order for the vacuum to suck up all of the cat hair and loose pieces of litter, along with any other dirt and debris. Once the carpet was visibly cleaner, I unplugged the vacuum and put it away in the closet. We had pasta for dinner that my boyfriend cooked. He filled the large stockpot 3/4 of the way full with cold water and brought the water to a boil. He put in a little salt so the pasta would not stick together and added a box of bowtie pasta. He stirred it occasionally to ensure that the pasta cooked evenly and did not stick together. The water kept boiling for about ten minutes and then he checked it every minute or so to see when the texture was not too soft and not too hard. He drained it and dumped it into a bowl. He used a jar of pre-made creamy garlic sauce which he heated up in the microwave and dumped onto the pasta and mixed it together. To serve the pasta he put it in individual bowls and sprinkled them with some Parmesan cheese and fresh basil. He also toasted up some garlic bread. While cleaning up the kitchen after dinner, my mother told me that the trash was full, and that I should replace it with a new garbage bag. First, I went to the closet where we keep the box of garbage bags. I opened the box, took out a garbage bag, and placed it in the pocket of my pants so I would have it handy for later. Then I walked over to the kitchen trash can and opened the lid. I grabbed the garbage bag by taking the drawstrings on each side and tying them into a knot. I lifted the garbage bag out of the trash can by pulling the drawstrings, and placed the bag on the floor. Next, I took the empty garbage bag out of my pocket. I unfolded the bag, placed it into the trashcan, and stretched it around the rim. When I was finished, I closed the lid. Finally, I took the old trash bag outside so that it wouldn't smell up the kitchen. My family and I decided we wanted to go on a camping trip. We planned out where it would be and when it would happen. Then we went to the state park site to reserve our spot. You can do that in person, too, but it's so much easier to do it online. A few days before the trip, we packed up all our stuff. Then we went to the store and got all of the groceries we needed. When the big day finally came, we were already prepared. We put everything in the car. Then we drove to the park. It was still light out when we got to our spot. All we had to do was set up. We pitched the tent and put away all our things. Most of the food stayed in the car so animals wouldn't get it. We only took out what we needed to make dinner. That was the first night of a pre-planned camping trip! Our kitchen floor was in bad shape, so we decided to replace it.  First, we had to measure the floor in order to figure out how much vinyl tile to buy.  We took our measurements to the store and picked out a pretty pattern for the tile.  We bought the tile and brought it home.  Next, we had to remove the old floor.  We pried up the linoleum around the edges.  It was stuck down with glue, so this was a difficult job.  We also had to move the refrigerator and stove out of the way in order to get the old linoleum out. When the old floor was out of the way, we vacuumed the sub-floor underneath.  Then, we started gluing down our new floor tiles, starting in the middle of the room and working outward.  When we got to the edges of the room, we had to cut some of the tiles to fit.  When we were all finished, we had a beautiful new floor! It's summertime, and my favorite thing to do is build a bonfire for my friends and family to enjoy.  My friend Jon and I will be gathering wood for a fun family party tonight.  We go into the woods and look for limbs that have fallen to the ground.  Our favorite wood to get is dry and burns easily. Luckily, today Jon has brought  a chainsaw along and will help me chop up the larger wood we find.  Once we have found the wood, We drag it out of the forest and placed it in a pile close to where we will be building a bonfire.  When I selected a place for the bonfire, I made sure that there was nothing close that could catch fire. I used a rake to remove all of the dry leaves or grass that could catch fire and spread somewhere else.   We normally keep a garden hose close by, just in case the bonfire gets out of control.   Jon starts gathering small pieces of wood to start the fire.  He uses some dry pine straw from the edge of the forest to add to the small pile.  He light a match and ignites the pine straw and small pieces.   The flame takes hold of the small dry pile of wood, and we both start adding larger pieces to the pile.  We are very careful to add them in teepee pattern to allow air underneath the limbs and to keep from smothering the small fire that Jon had started.  It doesn't take long for the larger limbs to start to catch and before you know it Jon and I have a huge bonfire perfect for s'mores and camp fire songs. My grandfather died last week.  He had been sick for a while and we had time to prepare, but it was still sad.  We held the funeral over two days and buried him today.  I woke up yesterday and put on my best suit.  I was nervous and there was a gnawing in the pit of my stomach.  I rode quietly in the car with my parents to the wake.  My feet were heavy as I walked to the room that held his body.  It was hard seeing him like this, and I had to try hard not to cry.  My mom and grandmother hugged me and I sat in one of the seats near the casket.  It was a hard day.  People I didn't know came up to me and offered their condolences.  I was just so tired and worn out by the whole thing and just grieving.  We just buried him today.  I'm going to go home and cry and take a nap.  I'm exhausted. Going to a shopping centre can be a fun and useful way to spend a day or part of a day. There are usually many different types of stores at a shopping centre, like grocery stores, restaurants, clothing or shoe stores, hair salons, greeting card stores, pet stores, sporting goods stores, drug stores, or banks. You can drive to the shopping centre, park your car in the parking lot, and walk to all of the stores, which are usually not very far apart. This is a good way to get many different errands done in a short amount of time, since all of the stores are located at the same place. For example, on a Saturday afternoon, you might want to get a haircut, buy some new clothes or shoes, eat lunch or dinner, buy a birthday card for someone, go to the bank to get or deposit some money, and buy some groceries for the week. A long time ago, my current boyfriend asked me on our first date. It was a lot like other dates, but this one I wanted to be prepared for. So I took a shower about 2 hours before hand and started doing my makeup and picking out my outfit. After that was all said and done, I drove to my date's house and greeted him at the door. We got in the car and decided that we would go out to eat at a restaurant, then go to the movies. We drove to a Sushi restaurant about 30 minutes away and enjoyed a good meal. Afterwards, we went to the theater and proceeded to pick out our movie. We decided to go with a new horror film that had just come out. We enjoyed the movie. Afterwards he drove us back to his place and I informed him that I had a good time. I left his house and went back to my own. My friend and I decided we would like to play a game of tennis. We called up the tennis club to find an open court. They said they had one open at 8pm. We were able to make it for that  slot and reserved the court for 8pm. We arrived and found our court. we flipped a coin to decide who would serve first. I ended up serving first. We hit the ball back and forth over the net a few times . Then my friend missed returning the ball and I got a point. The next time he served and I ran to hit the tennis ball but I just missed and he got  the point.  The next time  I served I hit all of mine out of bounds , so they did not count. But after three serves it was his turn to serve again. This time we hit the ball back and forth a few times before he scored again.There were exchanges like this for about an hour. My friend won the match but I still had a lot of fun. I am of pinched for time so I decide to grab some lunch at Chic-fil-a. They are usually pretty fast and we should be able to be in and out quickly. The drive-in looks like a nightmare with the double lanes and outside attendants assisting with orders so let's go in. As we walk through the doors, I immediately notice the long lines which seem to be moving pretty fast so I pick the one that is the furthest and seems to be the most out of the way. I looked up at the menu and decide what I want. I think I'll order my usual. The line thins and I'm at the counter. I'm greeted and I begin to place my order. I want a Chic-fil-a sandwich, a regular order of fries and large water. I pay the attendant and she gives me change and receipt for my food as wait off to the side for my name to be called. They finally call my name and I get my food. I grab some napkins and find a table in the back so I can enjoy my lunch. A group of my friends and I decided that we all wanted to go out to eat to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Since there was a large group of us we thought it would be a good idea to call ahead and make a reservation. I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager that we would have a large group and wanted to make a reservation in the back room for 6:00 on Friday night. The manager was very helpful and offered to provide a cake that they would decorate with his name. I told him to put the reservation under my name and our party would give that when they arrive. I asked if it was possible to have the table ready by 5:45 so everyone could get there a little before my boyfriend and I and they could surprise him by all being seated. The manager agreed that he would have it ready for 5:45. I'm going driving in my car. First, I make sure I have my driver's license and my keys. I put on shoes and my glasses (sunglasses if it's sunny) and gather up the other things I need where I'm going. Next, I go into the garage and open the garage door. I check around the car to make sure I won't run over anything as I back out. Then I unlock the driver's door and get in. After I put the key in the lock, I fasten my seat belt, adjust the rear view mirrors and secure any loose objects around me.  I start the engine and back the car out of the garage, watching for people walking and other cars and signaling which way I'm turning. Once I'm on my way, I turn on the radio and listen to music or the news while I'm driving. As I drive toward my destination, I watch other cars carefully and obey all traffic signals and signs, careful to slow down at intersections if the light is already green before I get there. I make sure I come to a full stop at stop signs and stop lights. When I turn, I signal well in advance, and I stay in the correct lanes, middle and center, unless I know I'm going to turn, and then I stay in the far right-hand lane. When I reach my destination, I signal the last turn, and park the car in a legal parking space. Before I get out, I turn off the car, gather up what I need, put up sun blinds if I need to, turn off the radio and take the key. I double check to make sure I've locked all the doors and the trunk before I walk away. My husband and I are going on a trip.  We purchased our plane tickets online a few weeks ago and today is finally the day.  A friend of ours drops us off at the airport near the sign that has our airline service on it.  We take our luggage to the curbside check in station.  There we show the attendant our tickets in order to let the airline know that we have arrived at the airport for our flight.  We hand over our larger suitcases that will be stored in the cargo area of the plane during the flight.    My husband's suitcase is a little heavy, so the attendant weighs it to make sure it's not over the 50lb limit that my airline requires.  Once our bags were checked, the attendant put a tag on them indicated which flight they will be going on.  After we have checked in, we take our carry on bags and tickets and head to the security station.  When we arrived at the security station, we stood in a long line and show a TSA agent our drivers license.  Then we removed our shoes and put them along with the items in our pockets in a plastic tub.  We placed the tub and our carry on luggage on a table that x-rays your luggage to make sure you are not carrying anything dangerous on the plane.  We also had to go through a metal detector.  Once we were done we headed to the gate where our plane would be leaving.  We were so excited to be checked in to for our flight and ready to leave for our vacation. I go grocery shopping every week to get food and any other items that my husband and I need for the week . I wait to go shopping usually until Thursday or Friday so that I can use the weekly ads to make my list . I shop for items on sale , so I like to be very prepared . I also use the store 's apps on my phone to track what deals they are offering for me this week . I plan out my list based on the ads and the apps , and write each store 's name above the items I want to buy there . On the day I decide to go , I drive to the first store which is whichever one I am getting less more cold things at . This way , they will stay colder together than if I buy one cold thing and it 's sitting by itself in the heat of the car while I shop at the next store . I park my car as close as I can to the entrance and grab a cart . I begin by opening my list and deciding which part of the store I am going to start in , and then work my way to the other end as I get the items that I need . I try to go quickly so it does n't take much time . When I 'm ready , I go to the front of the store and get into a line with a number that is lit up . If I have less than 10 or 15 items , I will sometimes go to the express lane . I wait for it to be my turn and unload the groceries onto the conveyor belt . After the cashier rings up my items , I will pay with either cash or my credit card . The items get bagged up and placed into my cart for me . I thank the cashier and take the cart to where my car is parked and put the groceries inside it . I then go to the next store and get any items I need there . I drive home and bring all the groceries inside my house , and then put them all away wherever they go .  This summer I went on a camping trip to a park near my house in the woods. The park is on a lake so I decided to set up my tent on the shore of the water. I arrived just before dark so I had to hurry to get things set up. first I unpacked my tent and laid out all the poles. Then I set up the tent and put my sleeping bag inside. As the last light of the day began to fade I hurried and gathered wood for a fire. I set up a fire pit surrounded by rocks. I used dry leaves to get the fire started. I had a lighter so I didn't need to resort to any slamming of rocks or rubbing of sticks. Once the fire was nice and big I made a dinner of hotdogs and marshmallows. Then I went to sleep under the stars. Last night after a large dinner, I had to wash the dishes. I made spaghetti and meatballs, so I used a large pot to boil the spaghetti and a smaller pot to make a marinara sauce. I also used a large bowl to make a meatball mixture, along with a baking sheet to bake the meatballs in the oven. My partner and I each used a plate and utensils, along with two wine glasses. I had to wash all of these dishes. I turned on the hot water, squirted dish soap onto the sponge, and started washing the plates. I then put the plates in the drying rack to dry. I proceeded to wash the pots, the mixing bowl, the wine glasses, and lastly the utensils. I am glad I washed the dishes so they are ready for me to use again the next time I make dinner at home. I go to the dentist's office and walk up to the front desk.  I sign my name on the paper on the table to let the assistant know I am here for my appointment.  I sit down in the waiting room and read a magazine that is available.  After a few minutes, the dental hygienist calls my name from the door on the other side of the room.  I put my magazine back, and follow her down the hall to a room.  I sit in the reclining chair in the center of the room.  I open my mouth and she checks all of my teeth.  She scrapes any plaque off to clean them with a metal pick.  It does not hurt.  After, I rinse my mouth out and the dentist comes in.  He then checks my teeth for cavities.  He asks me questions to make sure that I am flossing and brushing properly.  Then I am done with my appointment.  Before leaving, I make a new appointment for 6 months from now to make sure my teeth are still looking good. John and Mary were invited to a wedding ceremony last weekend, and they were so excited to go.  They were looking forward to it all summer.  On the day of the wedding, John and Mary rode with their family to the wedding, and it was at a beautiful park with many flowers and a huge lake in the middle of the park.  Everyone was sitting near the water in some white chairs, and John and Mary sat with their family with the other people waiting for the wedding to begin.  When the ceremony started, music began to play, the groom walked down to the front of the isle, and the waited as the bride came down the isle to meet him.  The priest said a few words and the bride and groom shared their vows or promises to each other, and they placed rings on each others hands.  The priest says " You can now kiss the bride", and the man and wife kiss after they are married. I was sitting on the couch about to relax and watch my favorite show when I noticed the carpet was dirty. There were crumbs everywhere. I knew I had to vacuum or I would never be able to relax. I walked over to the closet and got out the vacuum. I pulled it out and checked the filter. It was clean so I was ready to go. I moved the vacuum into the living room. I untangled the cord and looked around for the best outlet to plug it into. Once I found the spot that would cover the whole room, I plugged it in and got started. The vacuum roared as I swept over the dirty spots on the floor. I have always loved how well my vacuum works. It picked up all the crumbs instantly. I got into a groove and was going over the carpet real well. I got the hose out to cover the tricky spots on the floor. I put the hose back on and did one last sweep with the vacuum. I turned the vacuum off and inspected my work. Proud of my work, I wrapped up the cord and put the vacuum away. I could now relax having a clean carpet. I was late for school this morning because I did not wake up in time. I soon realized that the reason I did not wake up in time was because the batteries in my alarm clock had gone dead. I knew I needed to change them right away so that I wouldn't be late again tomorrow. I opened up the back on the battery container, on the bottom of the clock. I saw that the batteries were AA, and there were two of them. I removed the two dead batteries and disposed of them. I then went to my kitchen drawer and found two fresh AA batteries. I placed the new batteries in the clock, making sure to line up the negative sides with the negative symbol in the battery container. The flat part of the battery was against the spring, so I knew I had it correct. I reset my alarm, and was not late again. I like to do my holiday shopping online, so I don't have to drive, carry packages, or fight the crowds. I start by making a list, so I don't forget someone's gift and don't spend too much money. Then I write down where to buy each item, after doing an Internet search if I don't already know where to get something. The easiest way to shop would be to buy everything on one website, so I'd only have to check out once. However, no one website ever seems to have all the gifts I need to buy. So, in the end I go down my list, searching each website for the particular present I'm after, checking the size and color, and then proceeding to checkout to give them my payment information and shipping address. I check out at last, and then do it all again at another site. Yet it's still way better than the mall. This morning, I decided to wash my hair because it felt dirty.  First, I went to the bathroom and turned on the shower to let the water get warm.  Then, I undressed, adjusted the water temperature, and stepped into the shower.  I stood with my head under the water and made sure my hair got thoroughly wet.  I grabbed my shampoo bottle and squeezed some shampoo into the palm of my hand.  Then I rubbed it into my hair, using my fingertips to work it right down to my scalp.  I massaged the suds into my hair and made sure every strand had been washed.  Then I put my head under the running water again and rinsed out all the shampoo.  I used my fingers to make sure all the shampoo was rinsed out before I turned off the water.  I stepped out of the tub and used my towel to dry my body and my hair.  Then, I got dressed and combed out my hair. I made a chicken curry for dinner.  When I was carrying the pot of curry over to the table, my dog Thaddeus ran by me, knocking into me.  I accidentally spilled the curry all over the floor.  It was such a mess!  I had to first close Thaddeus in the laundry room so that he did not get in the way while I cleaned the floor.  He barked the whole time.  I used a paper towel to gather up as much as I could in one place and scoop it into the trash.  Then I went back water and a bit of dish soap and rubbed it with a paper towel.  I finally went back with a swiffer and went back and forth over the floor.  Curry can be very pungent, so I had to be careful that everything was clean.  When I thought I was done I opened the door and let the dog out.  Thaddeus ran right over, but didn't lick the floor so I must have done a good job. When my wife was sick, I decided that I would cook one of her favorite meals: omelettes.  She likes to eat them in the morning so I woke up early to prep the food for her.  I got out  the eggs and salt and milk and started to mix them all up in a glass bowl.  I used a whisk and that really made sure that they were fluffy.  When the mixing was done, I got out a pan and placed it on the burner.  I turned the heat on and it started to get hot.  I threw the mixture on the pan and started to swirl it around and make it cook.  When one side was done, I flipped it over to form a omelette shape.  When it was done cooking, I got out a plate and put it on there so that she could eat it in her bed. After a day or two, the hair gets dirty. It gets harder to comb and needs to be washed. To do so, most people jump in the shower or bath and wet their hair first. Then they take shampoo and put a little bit in the hand, then rub it all over their hair. Then they wait a few seconds or a few minutes and rub the scalp as well to make sure they get rid of dandruff - some kind of dead skin. If the shampoo doesn't make much foam, it means the hair is still dirty. So they put another dose of shampoo in the hand and wash their hair again. Shampoo cannot go in the eyes because it might burn. After the shampoo is on the head, and it has been rubbed in to clean the scalp, the most important thing is to rinse it with lots of clear warm water. To avoid getting sick, it is important to dry the hair. The easiest way is to rub it with a dry towel, but some people like to use a hairdryer. Once the hair is dry, it can be combed any way the person likes, but it is important to avoid putting styling gels and other chemical on it too often to keep it healthy. Last night, I went to turn on my front porch light, so my roommate would be able to see his way to the door when he got home from work. When I flipped the switch, though, the light did not turn on and I realized that the light bulb had burned out. I went to the store to get a replacement bulb. It took me a few minutes to find a bulb with the right wattage, but I found a package of four of them. I paid for them and took them home. I made sure the light was switched off before I unscrewed the old light bulb. I wrapped it in two layers of plastic bags before throwing it away, so it would be less likely to hurt anyone if it broke. Then, I screwed in the new light bulb and switched the light back on to test it. The new sheets I had purchased online arrived when I got home from work. I opened the box and threw all the packing material away in the garbage. The crisp scent of new sheets filled my room with a nice smell. I shook all the wrinkles out, and pulled the old sheets and pillow cases off my bed. After taking them in to the laundry room and putting them in the washer, I decided to take the vacuum into my room with me to tidy up after I made the bed. The new sheets matched the wall paper my friend Mike had just helped me put on the walls. The dark grey and soothing white made me feel better just seeing it. I love my room, and was excited to see how the new sheets looked. I put the fitted sheet on first and made sure all four corners were tucked under to hold it down. Next, I put the flat sheet on top of the filled one. I tucked just the bottom under the mattress so I could still fold the top down when I was done. Then, I put my comforter on top of the flat sheet. I smoothed all the wrinkles out, and put the pillow cases on all four of my pillows. Putting the pillows up against the headboard in a decorative fashion made my bed look great! I love my new sheets. Earlier today, I noticed that my kitchen floor was very dirty.  Some food had been spilled on it and someone had walked across it with muddy shoes.  I decided it was time to clean the floor.  So I went to the closet and got out the broom and dust pan.  I swept all the dust and bits of loose dirt into the dust pan and emptied it into the garbage can.  Next, I went back to the closet and got out a bucket, a mop, and a bottle of floor cleaner.  I put the bucket in the bathtub and poured a little of the cleaner into it, then filled it with warm water.  Starting in one corner of the kitchen, I began to mop.  I soaked the mop in the cleaning solution, wrung it out, and swirled it around on the floor.  I pushed the mop vigorously back and forth, dunking it back into the bucket every few swipes.  I worked my way across the kitchen until the whole floor had been mopped.  Then I let the floor dry. The last time that I made coffee was when I woke up and was extremely tired. Both my girlfriend and I knew that we had to get up for work, but we were both extremely tired. As a result, I volunteered to go downstairs and get the coffee. I first went downstairs and got the coffee packet and then started the Keurig. After staring the Keurig, I put the water in and began to make my coffee with the packet. After it was finished and had been emptied into both of our respective cups, I let it sit for a while before I began to enjoy our coffee. This whole process took under five minutes and made me feel much more awake. I took the coffee upstairs to my girlfriend and we both enjoyed our drinks while we remained in bed. Soon after, I cleaned out the Keurig and put everything away. I really enjoy making coffee in the mornings. I like to wake up early in the morning to make sure I have plenty of time to make coffee and drink a couple of cups of coffee before I need to leave the house for work. I have many different types and flavors of coffee to choose from. This morning, I decided to make vanilla flavored coffee. I put a coffee filter in the coffee machine, and two scoops of the vanilla coffee grounds in the filter. I then put the water in the machine and turned it on. Within five minutes, I had a nice, fresh hot pot of coffee to enjoy. I picked out my favorite mug from the cupboard, and poured myself a cup. I decided to put a splash of half and half with my coffee, and then stirred the coffee with a spoon to mix it. It tasted delicious. I had to make a dish for a party, and it needed vegetables.  So I went to the store and bought so many different kind of vegetables.  I bought carrots, celery, potatoes, and many more things.  I went back home and started cooking, but first, I had to chop up my vegetables.  So then, I got my cutting board out, to chop my vegetables on.  Next, I got out my knife, so that I could cut all of the vegetables that I had gotten from the store earlier.  Then, I got the vegetables from the fridge and placed them on the counter.  Then I took the first vegetable, a carrot, and started to evenly chop it up.  Then I did the same to all of the other vegetables that I had gotten from the store.  After that, I washed my board and knife, and I was all done chopping up my vegetables. This past winter, it got incredibly cold in the city that I live in. My parents noticed this too, so they decided that in order to warm things up, we should make a bonfire. We had a fire pit in our backyard already, so now all we needed was firewood. This wasn't hard to find, because all we needed to do was go to the nearest grocery store where they sold fire logs. After getting the firewood, we needed to make sure we had enough things to throw into the fire to keep it burning. We used whatever old newspapers and junk paper we could find in our house. After we got everything together one night, my family went outside to the fire pit and we lit some logs on fire. We all felt so warm next to the fire, and we even began to roast hot dogs and marshmallows. When we would notice the flames start to die down, we would throw  in more paper and wood to keep it lit. When I was a kid, you had to go to a store to rent a movie.  We had a local store called Blockbuster.  When you went to Blockbuster, there were several shelves of movies, sorted by what type of movie they were.  I remember checking out one movie frequently as a kid, called The Iron Giant.  I walked to the shelf with the animated movies, and searched back and forth until I found the right film.  Then I went to the cashier, and gave them some money to check out the movie.  It was sort of like going to the library.  I put the movie in my bag, got on my bike, and excitedly rode home to watch the film.  I had a lot of fun watching it.  I had to return the film a few days later though.  I didn't mind bringing the movie back to the store.  I knew that if I wanted to watch it again, I could ride my bike back over to check it out again. Cleaning a shower sucks. Why does it dirty if all you do is clean yourself in it? The reason why is that the soap and the hard water creates this ugly film that makes it look dirty. Most peoples water is hard. You can tell if you have hard water or not by the way the soap doesnt suds up. In soft water, soap suds  up and it doesnt stick so bad to the walls. Can never really clean it unless use chemicals to break up the soap scum. Even with the cleaner called BlastOff it doesnt fully remove it unless use the white Mr. Clean sponge in tandem with BlastOff. The white sponges do not last very long.  The white sponge with the BlastOff spray works better than the pumice that is used by scraping the tiles.  Unless it iodine stains  then have to use something completely different and I forgot the name of the brand that removes iodine. Removing iodine stains by spraying and leaving there over night, it will be gone, but only in the places where it dripped down and have to use the entire bottle all at once. I put the bottles of soap onto the shelves in the shower. Then, I got a washcloth and towel and put the washcloth in its place and draped the towel over the shower curtain rod. I pulled turned the faucet until water came out, then closed the curtain so the water wouldn't come out. I got undressed and then put my hand in the water to check if it was the right temperature. It was too cold, so I adjusted the faucet to make it warmer. I checked it again, and it was just right. I put some soap on the washcloth and scrubbed my skin. Then I rinsed the soap off. I got my hair wet. I put some shampoo in my hands and then scrubbed my hair. I rinsed all the shampoo out. I turned the water off and grabbed the towel from the shower curtain rod. I fluffed my hair with the towel and then wrapped the towel around my body and opened the shower curtain. I stepped out of the shower and turned the fan on to get rid of the steam. I put new, clean clothes on. Today I decided to renovate my room, I spent all day thinking what things to buy, what colors to choose and how I would feel with a new room, after much meditation I decided to decorate the room with dolphins, paint the room blue and add some Shelves, I immediately went out to the store for household items, buy paint, dolphin stickers, gloves to keep me from getting dirty, wooden shelves easy to install and new lamps with a starfish shape, pay for the items and I I went home, the first thing was to organize my room, to get all my things out of the room, then I put on my gloves to paint all the blue walls, then I changed the lamps and waited for the paint to dry, I paste the decals on the walls and put the shelves, my room had changed a lot, put all my things inside the room and I lay down to sleep in my new room. My backyard was looking a little empty , so I decided I would plant something in it . I decided on a tree . I went out and bought some tree seeds . I picked a species that I thought would grow well in the sun since my back yard receives a lot of sunlight . Once I was back home , I brought out all my gardening tools . I found a shovel and a watering can . With my seeds and tools , I found a spot in my yard that looked like it would get enough sunshine . There , I dug a hole for the seeds . I put a few in , and covered dirt back on top . After that I patted the the mound of earth back down . Once that was done , I took my watering can and watered the seeds until the soil was fairly moist . After that , I went to put away gardening supplies . I planned to water my tree periodically . I knew that if I took good care of it , it would grow up to be a full-sized tree .  When I'm hungry, nothing hits the spot better than a hot dog. The first thing I do is get out my ingredients, which are the hot dogs, buns, and toppings. Then I decide how to cook my hot dog. There are many ways to cook hot dogs. I could cook them on a grill, I could boil them in water, or I could even microwave them. Today, I'm going to boil them in water. Once the hot dogs are cooked, I take a hot dog and put it in a bun. Now it's time to choose the toppings. There's no limit to what you can put on a hot dog! You can put on ketchup, mustard, relish, onions, chili, cheese - the choices are endless! But for today, I'm going to put on good old ketchup and mustard. Now it's time to eat! A hot dog makes a great and easy snack, no matter where you are. We were planning to lay the floor, but were not sure which kind, Finally we decided to do laminate flooring. We first took out all doors for easy interaction. The best direction generally depends primarily on the shape of the house; it should run parallel to the longer walls. This isn't a dictum, though. If you have a long, prominent hallway, you may choose to run the flooring parallel to its walls, even if that means it will run parallel to the short walls in the living room. It's also important to consider the sightline from the entry; lines running parallel to the sightline are more visually pleasing than those running across it. I tried my best to follow direction given. Some time I could not do it good, so I had to redo again.I took the first, full length plank with the tongue removed and position it on the floor with the groove facing in. Then the first piece of the second row that I cut in half and lay it next to the first plank. Snapped the tongue of this piece into the groove of the first piece. Snapped the next two planks into the ends of the first two. I Continued until I reach the end of the row, place a 2-inch spacer against the wall and measure and cut the last plank to fit in the gap. I Slide the completed two rows into place against the wall using a hammer and block. Continue assembling rows across the room. I love going to the movie theatre to watch new movies. I go at least once a month, sometimes even twice a month to watch a new movie. In fact, I was at the movie theatre just yesterday. Yesterday, I saw the new Diary of a Wimpy Kid The Long Haul movie. I went with my friend Joe, and both of our fathers. We purchased our tickets at the movie theatre, through the desk window at the entrance and payed in cash for matinee tickets. Once we got our tickets, we went inside and then got food from the concession stand. We got a big Pepsi, and then a large popcorn which we shared. We also got some Twizzlers to share. We then got in line, and they checked our ticket then directed us to our theatre where our movie was playing. Once we got there, we found seats and sat and watched the movie. After the movie, we went home and talked about how great the movie was. My friend was sick, and I decided to make soup. First, I bought some chicken with bone. Cut them in little pieces. I boiled them in large pan with lots of water. I let it boil for at least 25 minutes. I added black beans , cut celery, tomato, carrots, peas, broccoli . I added enough salt for taste, some black pepper, garlic powder. I made sure that chicken is well cooked. I got chicken pieces out and chopped them in little pieces, and threw the bones away. now, i put the chicken pieces back in to soup. and let it boil for few more minutes. Once everything seems smooth, I Added some cheddar cheese for flavor. I fried some tortilla, and broke them in little pieces. When it was ready to serve, I scoop the soup in a bowl and decorated some tortilla chips on top, and left some on side to put later as needed. On a very hot, sunny day in the summertime me and a friend decided to go to the swimming pool. The first thing we had to do was put on our bathing suits, and then we had to find some large towels to take with us. We then put sunblock on all of our body and face so we do not get sunburned. Once we have our towels and sunblock, we make sure we have a pass so that we may enter the pool. We also decide take an inner tube and leave to go out the door. We walk down to the pool and enter through the gate. A young man checks our pool pass and admits us to the pool. We find two chairs so we can put our towels down. After settling our items, we walk down to the edge of the pool on the shallow end. We sit on the edge and carefully dip our toes into the freezing water and slowly slide into the pool. We are able to splash around and swim until the lifeguard signals for us to leave the pool so that children may enter. We return to our towels so we can dry off and stay warm. Last night, before I got ready for bed, I cleaned up my toys in order to keep my room tidy and safe to walk through during the night. First, I picked up all the toys that belong in my toy box. There are several toys that go in my toy box, so I picked each of them up, carrying all of them in my arms, before I walked to the box and dropped them in it. Then I cleaned up all the toys that go on my shelves. I gathered each toy and put it in its proper spot on the shelf. Finally, I picked up each toy that was still left on the floor and put it in its proper spot, such as on my bed or in a dresser drawer or even in my closet. When I was finished, I looked around to see if I had missed any toys because sometimes you will not notice a toy the first time you are cleaning them up. Then I closed the toy box, my dresser drawers, and my closet door. When I was in high school, I played on the Varsity Tennis team. We had a lot of people in our school, so there were quite a lot of us on the team. The top six players played singles tennis (1 on 1), the rest of us played doubles (2 on 2). Each match lasted six sets, or more because the winning team had to win by two sets. A set is scored differently than in most games. Instead of counting by 1, 2, 3, a tennis set is scored by love (0), 15, 30, 40, and match point. Singles tennis uses the narrow boundaries of the court, and doubles used the wider section. I really enjoyed playing, even though I wasn't the best player. Unfortunately, when returning a serve from the other team, I landed on my ankle badly, and fractured it. That was the last time I played tennis. I saw a TV commercial about Wonder woman coming to theaters near me. The commercial show so much action that I couldn't refuse to make reservation. Friday afternoon I told all my co-workers about wonder woman and the excitements. We all planned to meet a Shoney's and have a couple of drinks. That afternoon when I got home took my shower and get dress. I was so excited that I  begin to make my way to the restaurant. As soon as I arrived at the restaurant I received a text from my girlfriend that she want to go out. I was disappointed that I couldn't spend time with my friends. After leaving the restaurant my friend text me back that she was going to the theater with her friends and wanted me to meet her there. When I arrived at the theater I was standing at the counter waiting for my friend. By the time my friend arrived I have already missed twenty minutes of the movie. I taking a train today from Boston , Massachusetts to New York City , New York . When I arrive at the station , I see an automated machine that lets me purchase my ticket . I enter the necessary information about my travel and my credit card information and it dispenses a ticket to me . I see that my train is leaving from track 12 . I follow the signs above me that show the directions to all of the track locations . The train pulls up about 10 minutes later . I board the train . There are n't too many empty seats but I find a nice one next to the window . The train slowly pulls out of the station . About 20 minutes into the journey , a conductor comes by and asks to see my ticket . I show it to him and he punches a hole in it . He then rips off part of it and places the ripped part into a special see through pocket in my seat . This is so he knows that I have paid my fare to ride the train . It 's about a three hour train ride so I get up and wander a few cars down to the food train . I purchase a coffee and donut and bring them back to my designated seat . I 'm happy to say that there is free wi-fi on the train so I 'm able to surf the web while riding the train . We make a few stops along the way to New York to pick up more passengers and let others off . The three hours pass quickly and soon I 'm disembarking the train to enjoy a day in the city .  When I was turning 27, I threw a birthday party collaboration with my friend. It was a lot of preparation to plan the party. First, we had to find a venue that would hold 100 people and we emailed and called many different catering places. Eventually my friend found a banquet hall. Next, we had to plan the decoration and food. So we went to the dollar store many times, and also Costco to buy the tableware, food, and decor. We also bought some alcohol. We then invited people on Facebook and through texting. We then had to follow up and see if the people would actually come. On the day of the party, we had to go to the banquet hall earlier to set up the food and tables, and my friend drove to El Juan Pollo to pick up our orders of Mexican food and it was a success. Every night, I, my husband, and toddler try to eat dinner at the dining room table as a family. Before I begin to cook dinner, I will usually set the dining room table. I like it to look pretty, so I will begin by folding a cloth napkin and place it on our beige place mats we normally have at the dining room table. Since my son is still a toddler, he eats in his high chair and doesn't require anything fancy, so I just put together two settings. Since I cooked a nice steak for dinner tonight, I found and washed a couple of our good wood handled steak knives and placed those on the right of the plate I took from the cabinet. On the left, just a fork, since I didn't make a salad, and a water glass in the upper right corner. I worked fine dining throughout my twenties, so I like my table to be set properly. A lot of work goes into making the dining room look nice, but I feel presentation is almost as important as taste, so I try to keep up the habit every night. Yesterday, while I was playing at Grandma's, a button popped off my sweater. I took it to Grandma and asked her what to do. "Give that to me, child," she said, "and we will fix it together." We walked to her sewing room, where she keeps all kinds of colorful pieces of fabric, thread, and buttons. "There's a spool of blue thread in there that matches the color of your sweater. Bring it to me." I found it quickly and walked to Grandma's favorite chair. She had her sewing box open, and I could see all kinds of needles, a pair of scissors, and even a little red pincushion with dozens of pins stuck in it. She cut a length of blue thread and handed me a needle. "Push the end of the thread through that little hole in the needle for Grandma. These old eyes aren't what they used to be," she said. I did so and handed it back to her. She tied a knot in the bottom of the long piece of thread, and said, "Now watch carefully, child, and you will know how to fix it yourself next time." She poked the needle through the holes in the button and through the sweater at the same time, crisscrossing the thread as she went. Then she tied a knot in the thread under the button and cut off the remaining thread. "There, child, good as new," she said. "Thank you, Grandma!" I said. "That was fast. Maybe someday I can fix the button on your sweater." She smiled, gave me a cookie, and sent me out to play. My grandfather passed away on May 12, 2017 at the age of 91.  I was called out of state by my mother who informed me, in tears, that her father had passed away.  I woke my husband and our son and we made plans to travel back to Utah to attend services for my grandfather and to be with my mother in this trying time. By the time I had returned to Utah (less than 48 hours) my mother had arrangements made and we knew that his services would be held in two days.  My son was very well behaved in my mothers home, sensing something was wrong, but being too young to grasp what was going on.  The day of the funeral came and I helped my mother get ready and she helped me.  My husband tended to my son and got him ready.  We went to the church where my grandfathers body was in an open casket.  He really looked wonderful.  The service was not long and then we buried him at the cemetery where my grandmother and another uncle were also buried.  The funeral was sad, but I know my grandfather is in a far better place now. My parents gave my wife and me a ton of oranges from California.  They didn't know what to do with them, so they gave them to us.  At first, I didn't know how I was going to eat all of those oranges.  But I thought hard about it and we decided to make fresh orange juice.  I cut up the oranges with a knife and made sure that the peels were no longer on the oranges.  We washed the pieces and put them into a juicer.  The juice came out and it was really thick and sour, so we decided to add some water to make it thinner and sugar to make it sweeter.  When the juice was mixed together with those other things, we put all of the juice in a pitcher to keep in the fridge to drink later when we had a hot summer day come our way. For my daughter's birthday in March, I bought her a video game system for her gift.  I purchased beautiful pink wrapping paper with flowers on it for her.  I also bought a pink bow and a card.  The night before her birthday, I wrapped the present.  First, I made sure that I picked a workspace that was big enough.  I used the kitchen table.  Next, I rolled out the wrapping paper.  I made sure that I had enough paper to go all the way around the gift and left a little extra room on the ends.  Then, I cut the paper.  Once the paper was cut to the right size, I placed the gift in the middle.  I wrapped the paper from the long side of the box up to the middle of my package.  I pulled both sides tight so that the paper was very smooth and I taped it closed.  Next I closed the ends by folding up the ends and taping them.  After the gift was all covered with the paper, I put the bow right in the middle on the top of the gift and taped the card to it.  The gift looked so beautiful when I finished wrapping it. Today my best friend is coming from out of town and I spent the entire weekend cleaning up my flat.  I must have had 3 sink fulls of dishes to wash!  I made sure I took out all the trash, went back inside, and proceeded to vacuum my entire house.  I made sure the bed was made in my guest room, and that there was clean sheets and towels for my friend.  Then, I went back down to my kitchen and mopped the floor.  It was a good thing I did because it was a total mess.  The last thing I had left to do was two weeks worth of laundry.  While I was working on that I decided to get out my recipe for French apple pie and make a homemade pie since I had some yummy vanilla ice cream to go with it.  While it was baking I finished up the wash, and put all the clothes away.  I hope that I have some energy left by the time my friend gets here! It was my sister's birthday, so I decided to throw a party for her. I started planning it out one week beforehand. I sent out invitation letters to our family and friends, inviting them to come and celebrate. Then I visited a party store to buy supplies. I bought party hats, streamers, and balloons. I decorated my basement with these to prepare for the party. Next I baked a birthday cake and decorated it with icing and sprinkles. On the day of the party, everyone started to show up in the evening. They all brought presents and waited for my sister to get home. When she got home, she came to the basement and was very surprised and happy to see the party. She opened all of her presents and we all ate some of the birthday cake. We played some party games like pin the tail on the donkey. When everyone was tired and it was getting late, everyone went home. Today my best friend Heather and I went to work in her garden in the countryside.  She has a house there that is very nice and spacious.  One of the things I love about going to the countryside, is the gardens.  Heather's garden is full of vegetables : tomatoes, cucumbers, potatoes, and collard greens .  She has some watermelons too, so I help her to weed the garden on occasion.  We had a great time laughing and talking about our week while we did our work in her garden.  It is very relaxing to work in a garden and plant and tend the plants.  By the time we finished weeding out all the weeds that had grown from so much rain that month, we were very thirsty.  The sun had been hot all day, as we worked.  Heather brought out some cold lemonade and some sandwiches.  We had a nice little lunch on her front porch after we finished the garden work. Scrambled eggs are one of the tastiest and healthiest breakfasts that you can have.  Another good thing about scrambled eggs is that they are very easy to make.  To make scrambled eggs you need to crack two eggs and put them into a bowl.  Then you add a little bit of milk and you mix the eggs and milk together.  The next step is to take a small frying plan and either spray it with a cooking spray or melt some butter in the plan.  Once the pan is heated up you pour the eggs into the pan and allow them to cook for just a few minutes.  While the eggs are cooking it is best to mix the eggs around with a spatula so that they cook evenly.  Once the eggs are cooked you can shut the heat off on the stove and pour the eggs on to a plate.  The last step is to eat the eggs. When the day came to move our clocks back one hour, I used that as a reminder to also change the batteries in my alarm clock.  I picked up my alarm clock and used a small screwdriver to undo the clip that covers the batteries.  I took out the 2 batteries that were in there and put them in the container in which I keep all my other used batteries for proper disposal.  I took the two new batteries out of their packaging and carefully inserted them into the part of the alarm clock where the batteries go.  I made sure they were connected properly and that they fit in snugly.  After that, I covered them with the plastic clip, and screwed it back into place.  As one final check that they were connected properly, I unplugged the alarm clock and then plugged it back in.  It retained the correct time, so I was satisfied that everything was done correctly. One day last week when Papa was reading our favorite book, the light bulb in the lamp went out. Even though we know the story by heart, it's still fun to look at the pictures, and it was too dark to do so without the lamp. Papa went to the closet to get a light bulb out of the box. He came back to our reading chair and turned the lamp switch off. He twisted the old bulb out of the socket and twisted the new one in. "If you ever need to change a light bulb, Little One," said Papa, "make sure you tell Mama or me, and we will help you. Sometimes the bulb is hot, and sometimes it can break easily." He turned the lamp switch back on, and the room was bright again. Papa and I could read and look at the pictures in our favorite book again. When you are making fresh orange juice, there are many things to consider. First off, you want to select only the best oranges. In thinking about this, you should first decide whether you would like to grow your own or you would like to go to the grocery store and buy some oranges. Either way, you must make sure that you select only the freshest oranges. After picking multiple, you should prepare something to squeeze the juices out of the orange juice. This may be through machinery or you can do this by hand. Either way, it is important to get an appropriate cup and make only the right amount that you want. After orange having put the orange juice into the cup, you should prepare to drink the orange juice to drink and make sure to throw out any bit of the skin. After doing this, the juice should taste good. However, make sure to remove the pulp if you don't like it. Yesterday, my best friend and I decided that we wanted to play some tennis. There is a tennis court outside of our apartment clubhouse, so we decided to rent some tennis racquets and balls from our clubhouse. We first met up at the clubhouse to pick up the racquets and balls. We then went to the changing room inside the clubhouse to change into our tennis outfits. I changed into a tennis skirt and put on some tennis shoes. My friend changed into athletic clothes as well and put on a tennis visor. We then went to the tennis court with our gear. I asked my friend whether she wanted to serve the ball first, and she agreed. We volleyed the ball back and forth for a while, and I felt proud that my tennis skills hadn't gotten rusty. After we'd played for an hour, a couple joined us and asked if we wanted to play doubles. We ended up playing for another two hours! Once I got up this morning, I decided to get ready for the day by taking a shower and then washing my hair.  I got out of my night clothes and then opened the shower door.  I turned the water on first to get it to the right temperature so it wouldn't be too hot or too cold when I stepped in.  Once I got the water to a satisfactory temperature, I stepped into the shower and shut the door.  I stood under the water for a few moments so that my hair could get wet since it is difficult to lather shampoo up with dry hair.  Once I was ready, I put some shampoo in my hand and then rubbed it through my hair.  As it lathers, I make sure to close my eyes so I won't get any soap in them.  Once it's lathered through, then I step back under the water and wash the soap out by rubbing my hair with my hands until I notice no more bubbles are coming out.  My hair gets dry, so I only do this once.  Then I put conditioner in my hand and rub that through my hair.  I get my head out of the water for a bit and finish up cleaning myself so the conditioner has a little time to work.  Once I'm done with everything else, I step back under the water and rinse out the conditioner.  My shower is done, so I turn the water off, open the shower door, get my towel and dry off.  Once I'm done drying off, I wrap the towel around my head so it can start getting some of the excess moisture from my hair.  Now it's time to get everything else ready for the day. When my phone rings I initially look at the phone to see who is calling me.  If I do not recognize the number than I do not answer the phone.  If I do recognize the number I take a minute to determine a couple of things.  First I decide if I want to speak with the person who is calling, then I determine if I have enough time to speak to the person on the other end.  Once I decide to answer the phone I do so and I say hello.  I then wait for the other persons response and I try and gauge why they are calling me and if they need something from me.  I do not really enjoy talking on the phone so I usually try and end the conversation quickly.  Once the conversation is over I always say good bye to the person who is calling me and I hang up the phone. On Friday , I decided to go grocery shopping . My mother made a list of all the items we needed and I went to go buy them . While I was at the grocery store , I looked for everything on the list . Some of them were hard to find , so I had to ask a worker where to find them . They were very helpful and pointed where to go . Some of the items were not available so I had to get a rain check . After I got all the available items , I had to stand on line at the checkout . The line was very long and there were no other checkout lines open . It was frustrating because I did not have that much items to buy . Meanwhile , there were at least four people ahead of me with a lot of items to buy . I am very impatient . Fortunately , one person ahead of me was kind enough to let me skip him . I was very appreciative . Finally , I left the grocery store with my items . This morning, while I was getting ready to eat breakfast at the kitchen table, I heard the doorbell ring. I scooted my chair back so I could get up from the table. I walked out of the kitchen and down the hallway towards the front door. I walked up to the door and looked through the peephole, so I could see who had rung the doorbell. I smiled when I saw that it was my grandmother. Then, I turned the top and bottom locks to unlock the door. I twisted the doorknob, and pulled the door open. I greeted my grandmother with a big "Hello!" and stepped aside so that she could walk through the doorway. Once my grandmother was inside the house, I closed the front door behind her and turned the locks in the opposite direction to lock the door again. I gave my grandmother a hug, asked her if she was hungry, and we walked together towards the kitchen. We sat down for breakfast and had a nice conversation. My nieces and nephews have too many toys. They pull them all out at once and spread them over the house. I let them do this throughout the day because there is not point in trying to clean until they're too tired to pull out any more toys. When they get to that point then I say, okay it's clean up time. We go from room to room gathering all the toys. Then I make them decide where each thing should go. They have to remember which bin, closet, bedroom, cabinet, etc each toy came from. Then we place them all back as neatly as we can. Barbies go with barbies, legos go with legos, crayons go with coloring books. Everything has a place. Once the toys are back in their appropriate places I give everyone a gold star. And maybe a cookie. And I give myself coffee. Because I've earned it. I love taking scrambled eggs, so I decided to cook some this family for breakfast. First, I gathered two large eggs, the canisters of salt and pepper, and a empty cup, placing them all on the countertop. Before I started to beat the eggs, I placed a skillet on the stove, and turned on the heat to medium. I placed a tablespoon of vegetable all into the skillet, and covered the base of the skillet evenly. I left the skillet on the stove to heat up, and then turned to get my eggs ready for cooking. I cracked both eggs into the cup, separating the egg yolk and white from the shells. After emptying the contents of the egg into the empty cup, I discarded the shell in the garbage. To the eggs in the cup, I added a dash of pepper, and an equal amount of salt. I used a fork to beat the eggs so that the yoke, whites, salt and pepper was evenly mixed inside the cup.   the skillet was smoking slightly, which let me know that it was high enough and ready for the eggs. So I quickly poured the ag mixture into the skillet, using the fork to scrape the inside of the cup to make sure all of the egg came out. After setting the cup to the side, I used a plastic spatula to stir the eggs in the skillet, to allow them to cook evenly and thoroughly. I constantly stir the eggs until it was all completely cooked, scraping the sides and the bottom of the skillet to ensure that none of the egg is overcooked or burning. I went to the library to borrow a book I needed for a research paper . I went inside the library and went to the section that contained the type of books I needed to do my research on . After finding the right section , I looked through the selections of books they had . I quickly looked through a few of the books to see what type of information they had . After finding the book I wanted to borrow I took it to the counter so I could check it out and borrow it for a few days . At the counter , the librarian asked for my library card . I took the library card out of my wallet and gave it to her . She collected my information and gave me the book and my library card . I then exited the library and took the book home . I am glad I had the library card because the book was really useful for helping me do my research paper . I'm learning how to drive, so I signed up to take driving lessons. When it's time to take a lesson, the instructor comes to my house to pick me up and I get in the driver's seat. She takes me for a ride around town, showing me the proper rules and etiquette to driving. I'm not a great driver yet, so I drive slowly and carefully as she shows me around. We drive on the main roads, and she keeps a close watch to make sure I don't break any laws. She has a special brake pedal on her side of the car, so if I really get in trouble she can hit the brakes herself. The more I practice with her, the better a driver I'll become, and one day I'll get my license! When the lesson is over, she has me drive myself home and park in front of my house. Driving license, here i come! Last week my mother and I decided we wanted to go to a fast food restaurant.  We chose Burger King because we enjoy their food.  We drove up, parked our car and got out and went inside the restaurant.  I asked mom what she wanted and waited in line to order.  After a short while, I stepped up to the counter and placed my order with the customer service guy.  He seemed nice and friendly, which helped.  I order a burger and large fries and a coke for myself and a burger and fries and a salad for mom.  He rang up the order and I paid with a credit card.  I waited about five minutes and my order was placed on a tray for me to take to where my mom was sitting.  We began eating our food while making small talk.  I also got extra ketchup packets for us both.  After an hour or so, we were finished and we took the tray and dumped our remains in the trash.  We'd had a nice lunch together and were ready to go. Yesterday evening I was over at a friend's house having dinner. Just as I was pouring salad dressing over my salad, my cell phone began to ring. Looking at the phone screen I saw that the call was coming from my boss at work. I told my friend that the call was important and that I needed to take it, and I excused myself from the table. Grabbing my phone, I walked out of the dining room and into the living room to take the call. I swiped the screen to answer the call and spoke into the phone, "Hello Joy." My boss proceeded to tell me that our weekly staff meeting had been canceled, so I did not need to come in to work early the next morning. I thanked her for letting me know and told her that I would see her tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock a.m. instead of 8 o'clock a.m. before pushing the button to end the call. Whenever I see something that I think is beautiful (usually nature related) or a nice juxtaposition of color or form; I take my phone out of my pocket and affix the appropriate lens to my camera (usually a macro lens). I remove the lens cap, unlock my phone and open the camera application. I usually have to turn the brightness of my screen up, especially when it is very sunny outside. I make sure to focus the shot by tapping the screen where I am trying to get the camera to focus on and tap the shutter button. I like to take several shots from different distances and angles to make sure I get the best shot possible. I then go through the pictures I just took and try to find the best one(s). The photo taking process also includes the sharing on social media so that my other photographer friends and family members can give me constructive feedback. I want to grow some tomatoes, so I will make plot for them in my garden.  First I have to buy seeds from the store. Then soil and pots as well. Tomato seedlings have to be started in a pot indoors before they can be taken outside. Once they get big enough I will take them out to my garden plot. I will dig a hole with my garden shovel and place the plants in the ground. I will water them. As they grow I will have to attach stakes to them to hold them up. Tomatoes grow long and spindly stalks. Once the tomatoes start growing the stalks won't hold them up unless they are secured with stakes or cages. The cages can be bought at the store as well. I will have to keep watering my plants as well as spraying bug killer on them. Bugs love tomatoes. Every morning after I get up and have had my coffee, I take a shower.  I go into the bathroom and turn on the water.  I make sure the water isn't too hot or too cold.  Then I turn on the shower and get my towel.  Afterwards, I strip down and get into the shower.  I grab my shampoo bottle and add it to my hair. I lather it up, making sure to clean my hair.  I then get under the shower head and rinse all of the shampoo out of my hair.  Next, I add conditioner to make my hair more manageable and soft.  I add a little to my hand and work it into my hair and let it sit for several minutes.  After that, I rinse it out and get out of the shower.  I towel dry my body and put on my robe.  I then blow dry my hair and style it for the day. Yesterday morning, my alarm clock which wakes me up every morning did not go off. This caused me to be late to work yesterday, and I could not be late again to work today. When I got home yesterday, I realized it did not go off due to the batteries being dead. Therefore, I went back out and I went to the store to purchase a new package of batteries and a screwdriver. When I got back home I used the screwdriver to open the battery compartment on my alarm clock. After opening the compartment I then removed the old batteries from the compartment and threw them out. I then replaced the batteries with the new batteries I had bought earlier. After replacing the batteries, I then put the compartment door back on and utilized the screwdriver to close the compartment. Upon closing the compartment, I reset the alarm settings so that it would go off this morning, and it did. I was on time to work today. I had to iron my laundry, so I grabbed my iron and ironing board and set it up.  I plugged in the iron and waited for it to heat up.  Then I went to grab my shirt that I needed to iron and laid it on the ironing board, flat.  After the iron was at the heat that it needed to be, I started ironing the shirt.  I put the iron down on the shirt and moved it back and forth in slow, smooth motions.  Then after I finished one section, I would move the shirt and iron that section until the whole shirt was done.  After I finished the shirt I put the ironing board back and waited for the iron to cool down.  After the iron cooled off I was able to wind up the cord around it.  Then I walked to the closet and put it back on the shelf. Yesterday, I visited my relatives that live in North Carolina. Specifically, I saw my mother's side of the family that lives in Peachland, a town with about 400 people. Upon arriving I was greeted by the barks of the farm dogs and heavy panting. I made my way to my Aunt Shirley's home and had some of her beautiful homemade ice cream and pie. My father and I later went out for a walk through the woods as a means of enjoying the nature we had been gifted - of course the dogs accompanied. The next day, I helped my grand mother prepare the family and its extended relatives an enormous feast, featuring turkey, gravy, cake assortments, corn, rice, and all types of baked breads. The food was prepared in Southern fashion, and absolutely amazing. Ultimately, the trip made for some greet fun and family bonding time. I can't wait to go back. While I was out riding my bike one warm spring day , one of the tires went flat . Fortunately I had a repair kit with me in a pouch on the bike . I always kept it with me on rides just in case of such an occurrence . I got off and went to the side of the trail out of the way of other bikers and runners . I lay the bike on its side and got the repair kit out of the pouch . The repair kit contained a new inner tube which I inflated . I then pulled the outer tire off of the inner tube . I replaced the flattened inner tube with the new one and replaced the outer tire over it . I rode off slowly to make sure everything was correctly in place . Once I got home , I replaced the spare tire kit with a new one so that I would be prepared on my next ride .  A month ago my son had a birthday party. He had a lot of friends and we decided to send party invitations in the mail.  I had my son write the addressed of all his friends on the envelopes. Once he had the addresses written on the envelopes correctly I had him put the stamps on the envelops. To him it was like playing with stickers. The stamps stuck right on the envelopes. Since he was very young it was hard for him at first to put the invitations into the envelops. But once he figured it out it became easier for him with each invitation he put in. While getting the invitations ready we talked about the birthday party. We talked about the birthday cake and the friend who might be there. He decided not to invite Matt because sometimes he is mean. Besides Matt might eat all the cake. My wife and I decided to reserve a couple of flights to Florida.  We got all of our luggage ready in the morning and put it in the car.  We drove to the airport and parked in a parking lot where we could keep our car for over a week.  We took a shuttle, or bus, over to the airport to get ready to check in.  With our luggage, we stood in line to tell the airline that we were there and ready to board the plane.  They had us go through security checks to make sure that we didn't have anything that could be dangerous on the plane.  The security people checked our driver licences to make sure that we were really who we said we are.  After we passed all of the tests, we stepped through a metal detector and we were on our way to step on the plane. One night when I was working at the store, I heard a loud noise from out in the parking lot. When I went outside, I found a truck had crashed into a parked car, and the driver of the truck was slumped over the steering wheel of the truck. He looked like he was hurt, so I went to the truck to see if he was okay. I could see that he had a cut on his head and was bleeding, so I went back into the store and grabbed my phone from my locker where I kept it during work hours. I called 911 and was put on the line with a 911 dispatcher. She asked me why I was calling, I told her I was reporting a traffic accident and that a man was hurt. The 911 operator told me she would send paramedics to help the injured man, and I stayed on the line with her until the paramedics arrived to help the truck driver. On Sunday morning, I decided to mow the lawn because the grass had gotten very tall. I put on and old t-shirt and shorts. I went in to the garage and grabbed the red gas can. I poured gas in to the lawn mower tank until it was full. I opened the garage door and pushed the lawn mower to the corner of the lawn. I grabbed the cord and pulled quickly. The motor started. I pushed the mower from the corner of the lawn to the opposite side in a straight line. When I reached the sidewalk, I turned around with the mower and moved a little to the left. I pushed the mower again to the opposite side of the lawn. When I finished the front yard, I mowed the back yard too. When I was done, I turned off the lawn mower and put it back in the garage. John was getting up from bed. He was so thirsty, he realized that his throat was very dry. He decided he was going to make some tea. He got out of bed and walked into his kitchen. He had a french press for making tea which was very nice. He also had an electric kettle for boiling the water for his tea. He turned on the kettle and made sure it was filled with water first. He then poured some of his favorite tea leaves into the bottle of his french press. After the water was done boiling he continued to pour the boiling water, very carefully into the french press. He then left it to brew for about five minutes. He continued to fix a glass of ice cubes so he could make it iced tea instead of hot tea because he liked that better. The tea was done brewing by the time he finished putting ice cubes into his cup. He poured the tea over the ice cubes and put some sugar and a little bit of lemon into his tea to make it sweet. He was done fixing his tea and it was delicious! The two workmen laid plastic on the floor to protect it.  Each person was dressed in old clothes and gathered the tools they would need. They brought a screwdriver, stepladder,  large and small paintbrushes, a roller and pan for the paint. One worker brought in the gallon can of paint and set it on the plastic. He took his screwdriver and used it to pry the lid off of the can of paint. He picked up the wooden stirrer and stirred the paint thoroughly. He took the paint can and climbed the stepladder until he could reach the ceiling. He then dipped the small brush in the paint and carefully painted the edge of the wall where it met the ceiling. He did this across the entire top of the wall from one corner to the next. He then took a bigger brush and dipped that in the paint. He painted both corner edges of the wall and along the floor edge.  Another worker filled the roller pan with paint and rolled the roller in the paint until it was completely coated. He used the roller to fill in the rest of the wall. Over the summer I will be attended a wedding in Mexico.  It was very exciting to travel to this wedding and one of my good friends actually performed the wedding ceremony.  I boarded a plane in Boston with one of my very good friends and we flew to Miami, we were delayed in Miami so we decided to have lunch before boarding our flight to Mexico.  In Mexico we checked into our beautiful hotel and waited for our other friends to arrive.  The wedding was the next day so we headed out to the rehearsal dinner to meet up with all of our other friends.  We greeted the bride and groom and began socializing with our group of friends.  The next day was the wedding ceremony which took place on the beach.  The wedding was casual so we were able to wear flip flops and shorts.  The reception was amazing and included a wonderful dinner and some really unique entertainment.  After enjoying a couple of days in the sun i flew back to Boston after a great long weekend. I made a dentist appointment for today in order to have my cavity filled. So I made sure to brush my teeth very well, ensuring to get every crevice on both sides of my mouth. I also flossed my teeth to ensure that when I arrived at the dentist, they would see that I have taken good care of my teeth. Because I anticipated having to have x-rays done, I refrain from wearing jewelry or any type of accessories. In fact, I stressed in a T-shirt, a pair of jeans, and a pair of sneakers to that I could be as comfortable as possible. I drank a tall glass of water, then grabbed my car keys and headed out the door into the car. I started the ignition in May my way to the dentist office, and once I arrived, i.e. found a parking spots for the car, then went inside. Once inside, I told the receptionist that I had an appointment with my dentist, she gave me a clipboard and told me to fill out the information and have a seat. I sat down in the waiting area, filled out the form on the clipboard, and waited for my name to be called. Once my name was called, it was time for me to attend my dentist appointment. I wanted to make some fresh orange juice to drink for breakfast. I went to the grocery store. When I got there, I went to the fruit aisle and started searching for the ripest oranges. I held them to my nose and tested to see if they smelled sweet. I decided on 10 of the best smelling and biggest oranges I could find.  I paid the cashier and went home. I was excited to have some fresh orange juice.   When I got home, I cut the oranges in half and started to squeeze the juice out by hand by placing the orange halves on the plastic juicer and twisting them until all of the juice came out. After each orange I poured the juice into a glass. Finally, after squeezing all ten oranges, I had a full glass of orange juice. It was a bright orange color and smelled delicious! I sat down and then enjoyed my fresh orange juice with my cereal. Today is a very busy day because we have to check in at the airport to catch our flight to go to Disneyland.  After we have packed our clothes, locked the house, and called an Uber we will head to the airport to check in.  When we arrive at the airport the Uber driver drops us off at the check in point.  We check our bags with a skycap and proceed to go in to get our boarding pass which allows us on the flight.  We stand in line to wait our turn.  After we receive our boarding pass from the ticket agent we will go to the security check point.  Each one of us has to be checked for illegal things before we can board the plane.  We will put our shoes, belts, and other removable things in a basket then walk through an xray machine.  After that we are cleared and ready to go to the boarding area to wait for our flight. When my wife and I wake up, I make sure to make the bed as she gets ready for work. The bed being made makes the room look so much cleaner. I prop up all of the pillows and gently pat them to fluff them out. I pick up the blankets off of the floor that my wife kicks off in the middle of the night. While she goes to bed freezing, she always gets hot in the middle of the night and kicks off the blankets onto the floor. I fold those up and put them in the blanket chest. I pick up the comforter. I allow the comforter to billow out as I wave it out over the bed in an effort to get it to fall perfectly over the bed. When I finally get it just right, I fold the top of the comforter over slightly about four or five inches to give it that neat and tidy look. Finally, I fold a throw blanket and drape it over the foot of the bed as a final touch. My two year old son got ahold of some of our permanent markers in the house. I turned my back for what seemed like only five minutes and when I turned back, almost an entire wall was full of my son's drawings that he had done with our permanent markers! I was upset, but also a bit relieved because I had been meaning to paint that wall for quite some time and now I had an excuse to do so. I went down to our basement storage room to dig up the paint that matched the paint on that wall. Once I found the paint, I went back upstairs and put newspaper on the floor so I wouldn't get paint anywhere. I used blue painters tape to go around the edges of the wall and poured some paint into a container. I used a rolling paintbrush to go over the entire wall, and made sure to fully cover the area where my son had painted. I waited for the wall to dry, then removed the painters tape and cleaned up the newspaper. I had a beautiful, freshly painted, and clean wall! A few months ago, my grandfather passed away. It was hard on my family because he had been sick for some time. When I found out he had passed, I immediately booked plane tickets back to my home town. I went to the airport a few days later, and flew back to my hometown where I was greeted by my mother and sister. I went to the funeral the following day after getting dressed and ready. It seemed strange to get ready for such a thing. My best friend came with me to show her support. She stayed by my side the entire time. We greeted familiar faces, and new ones. Once the ceremony began, my sister and I both took our seats alongside my father. A song was played first about loving fathers, which was sad and had almost 80% of the guests in tears. After a brief ceremony, people were able to stand up at the podium and tell stories of my grandfather, that were mostly pretty funny. It was sad that my grandfather had passed, but I found myself happy that he was finally at peace and we could share these happy memories of him together. My best friend's birthday was coming up, and I bought him a wonderful present. I knew he loved to read, so I bought several books and placed them in a box. I knew I would need to wrap the box to make it look nice, so I chose blue wrapping paper, since blue is his favorite color. I cleared my kitchen table and unrolled the wrapping paper so I had a large, flat piece on the table. I sat the box on top and used my new scissors to cut the wrapping paper to a good length and width. I made sure it was long enough and wide enough to completely cover the box. I pulled up two side of the paper and taped it to the box. Then I wrapped up the ends so that no part of the box was showing, and taped those together. I turned the gift over and placed a bow and a birthday card on top. He was very happy with his gift. Seeing that my car is on empty, I pulled into the gas station that I have rewards card at. They already have the cheapest gas in town, offer 5 cent discount if I pay with a debit card or cash, and I receive 10 cent reward on my card for every gallon purchased. I pull in making sure i am facing the right way (remember the arrow on the fuel gauge points to the side the tank is on) I turn the car off and make sure to bring my keys and wallet into the store with me. I wait in line patiently and when it's my turn i say to the cashier; ten on three please and he repeats it back to me to make sure he heard right. I hand him a twenty dollar bill and he hands me back a ten dollar bill as change. I leave the store unlock my car and pop the gas cover. I remove the nozzle from the gas pump and slide it into the gas tank hole.I push the button on the pump fro regular unleaded gasoline. I grab the nozzle and pull the trigger while staring at the screen on the pump so I will know when it is done pumping. Once done I return the nozzle to its holder and close my gas tank. I refuse a receipt from the machine. Hop in my car, start it and I'm on my way. It was a nice day, so we decided to have a picnic. My friend had a big blanket that we could spread on the ground so we would have somewhere to sit. He also brought a basket to carry our food and supplies. I prepared the food. I made some sandwiches. I had to wrap them so that they would not fall apart on our way to the park. I had some apples, so I washed two of them. We needed something to drink, so I filled two water bottles with ice and lemonade. I also had some cookies that I had baked last night, so I put four of those in a little paper bag. When everything was ready, I packed all of the food and drinks into the basket. I put a few napkins into the basket so that we could wipe our faces when we were done eating. I carried the basket, and my friend carried the blanket as we walked to the park to enjoy our picnic. I went to visit my family in Chicago last winter. I was very happy  because I have not seen them in such a long time. My 5 year old son was very excited to see such a big city. Instead of driving we took the train because I wanted him to have fun on the train just like I did growing up in Chicago. we rode the train all the way to the south side to see my aunts. They were so happy to see us and we ate dinner with them. I took my son to see my old school. We walked and saw the block I grew up on and all the houses on the block. We went to white castle and ate there just like I did when I was my age. He was so happy to see my family and the city I grew up in. My family wanted to take my sister and brother-in-law to dinner to celebrate their move to New York.  My dad called me and asked me to go make a reservation.  I drove to the Olive Garden and I walked into the restaurant.  The people in the front told me "Hi" and asked me what I wanted.  I told them that I wanted to make a reservation for a table for 9 people.  They said that they could do that, but it would be a 10 minute wait.  I told them that was fine and we waited for everyone to show up.  After 10 minutes, a waiter took us back into the other room in order to enjoy a nice table.  They sat us down and we waited until everyone was seated until we started to order drinks and any food that we were already hungry to start eating. Today I took a trip to the library . The library is so much fun because there are so many different books to see there . When I got to the library I walked up and down the aisles looking for the perfect book for me . I wanted to read a book about horses or basketball . I asked the librarian to help me find one . She looked on her computer and found a great book about horses but it had already been taken home by someone else . So she looked again and found a cool book about basketball . She went with me to the shelf and helped me find the book . After I got the book off of the shelf , I took it over to the counter and gave it to a lady behind the desk . She asked for my library card . I gave her the card and she scanned it and my book . Then she gave me a slip of paper that said I needed to bring the book back in two weeks . I was very excited to leave the library with a book to read about basketball !  I needed some new work clothes and shoes, so I decided to go to the mall near my house with a friend.  We drove to the mall and parked my car.  We walked in through the North entrance, making sure to note where we entered so we could find the car when we we ready to leave.  We started in Macy's because they were having a sale.  I picked up a pair of black pants, a pretty pink sweater, a red blouse and a white and red skirt to try on.  My friend chose two sundresses to try.  We went to the fitting rooms and tried our clothes on.  She liked both dresses and I decided to buy the sweater.  We put the items we did not want on the rack and took the others to the register to pay for them.  After we paid, we stopped at the coffee kiosk in the mall for a small snack and coffee.  Then we visited a few other stores.  I bought a new pair of shoes, some earrings and a purse.  My friend got a pair of running shoes, two tank tops and some new white socks.  The we went back to the North entrance to return to my car and drive back home. I haven't don't my laundry in almost an week. Clothes begins to pile up in the corner of my house, leaving me very little changing clothes. I decided that it was time to do the laundry. I took my laundry down stairs. I added detergent without measuring it since there were so many clothes. I started the washing machine. I went back up stairs and begin cooking and cleaning. Shortly I went up to the third floor to make up the bed. I laid on the bed to relax for a few minutes. I accidentally fell asleep for an hour or two. I awake ran down stairs to check on the clothes when soap detergent  was all over the floor and my clothes weren't wash or clean. I begin doing the  laundry all over again. This time my detergent was measure to the right amount. I stayed down stairs until the laundry was completely wash. Having a picnic with your friends is one of the best things to do when it's warm outside. Last Saturday, I had a picnic with my two best friends. It took me a long time to prepare the picnic, but it was worth it. I got up early that morning and started preparing the food. I decided to make sandwiches, potato salad, and chocolate cake. I made simple ham sandwiches with bread, ham, cheese and mustard. I cut each sandwich down the middle and placed them on a plate. I wrapped the plate in plastic wrap and put it in my basket. Then I prepared the potato salad, using my grandmother's recipe, and put it in a big bowl. I put that into the basket with the sandwiches. I then found a chocolate cake that I had bought at the grocery store, and put it in the basket. I brought napkins, paper plates, and forks with me to the park to meet my friends. They brought drinks and cups, and we had a very nice afternoon. After playing outside for most of the day, I decided to go in and take a shower. I took my favorite rubby ducky toy in with me so I could imagine being in a strong storm while under the water. It was fun. After drying off with my towel and getting dressed, I noticed something. There was sand, and a dirt scum ring going around the tub. I looked at myself and said you're nice and clean now. I couldn't believe that all that dirt had came from me playing all day. I ran to tell my father, "Dad, look at the dirt I made"? He laughed while coming up the stairs with a few cleaning bottles in his hand. "Well you made this mess, now let's clean it", he said. He looked into the hall closet and picked up two hand towels. I said, "Dad what are you going to do?". He looked at me and said "grab a towel, I'll spray and you'll wipe". He sprayed from a bottle that read "Shower Cleaner". He sprayed it about 3 times and the spray begin turning into foam bubbles. I wiped wherever he sprayed. The dirt scum ring started to disappear and it was back white and shiny. After we finished spraying we turned on the shower and rinsed the tub out with the water. The foam  bubbles even had a nice smell to it which made the whole bathroom smell good. My dad and I had cleaned the shower and it was just like new again. Last time I made tea, It was me and my girlfriend Katie. We were just waking up from a long night when we decided that we really wanted to have some tea instead of our usual, which is soda. So, we had two options. We could either go out and get some tea or we could make our own tea. We decided to make our own tea. The first step was to put the water in the large canister. Then, we put the tea bags in the kettle and then we mixed it together and boiled it. Then, finally after it was all boiled, we put it in the refrigerator and waited for a while before it was nice and cold. Then, we felt like we finally drink it. It as amazing and fulfilling and the process was really easy. We thoroughly enjoyed drinking our tea together.  It was amazing. When I was about 13 years old, my family and I had to plan a holiday trip. We had won a trip through a sweepstakes and got to choose where we wanted to go. It was exciting but also stressful at the same time. We had a family of five and had to figure out and agree one a vacation destination together as a group. In the end, it came down to choosing between Italy or London, England. We heard the Italy is not as nice to visit in the summer. That it can end up being really hot and a bit smelly. So we decided on London. We were very happy with that choice. There was so much to do there and we were never bored. We even managed to fit in a day trip to see Paris. It was a great time for everyone. The best vacation I have had. I bought a new car, well, new to me, last Summer and couldn't wait to drive it home from the car dealer.  I placed the key that the salesman had given me into the ignition and turned it to the right until the engine roared to life.  I adjusted the seat so I was comfortable and could see the speedometer and the cars in front of me, and adjusted the mirrors so they were aimed at the road behind me.  I placed my right foot on the brake pedal, shifted the car into reverse, looked in each of my mirrors and glanced over both my shoulders to make sure no other cars were coming up behind me before I gradually lifted my foot from the brake pedal.  I carefully backed out of the parking spot, keeping my eyes on my mirrors.  I placed my right foot back on the brake and shifted into drive before moving my foot from the brake pedal to the gas pedal.  When I had moved the car forward to the parking lot exit, I placed my right foot on the brake carefully so as not to jerk to a stop at the intersection and turned on my left turn signal.  I looked to my left, to my right, then to my left again before lightly pushing on the gas pedal to pull out into traffic and head home.  I decided to take the scenic route home so I could have fun driving my "new" car home. My mother and I decided on Saturday afternoon to replace the floor in our house. It was looking a little old and worn. We drove to Home Depot and bought all of the supplies we would need. Once back home, we had the fun work of ripping up the old floor. That was fun, but very messy. Next we had to make sure it was very clean. If there was any dirt or debris, the floor wouldn't lay down flat. Once, the area was completely clean, we put the glue all over the bare cement. Then we carefully laid down the floor pieces, making sure that the pattern was aligned correctly. The final step was to wait for the entire thing to dry. While it was drying, my mom and I went to have lunch. When we got back home, we admired our new floor with pride. It felt really nice to replace the floor ourselves and it made the house look great. When my wife and I moved into our new basement apartment, we didn't like the wallpaper on one of our walls.  We asked the landlord and they said it would be just fine to replace it with something better.  We spent a couple of days to steam the wallpaper from the walls.  We used a steamer and some sharp tools to scrape off the old wallpaper.  It took a while but we had a clean wall after that.  At that point, we shopped around for a wallpaper that we would really like for that room.  After we bought our wallpaper, we brought it down to the basement room we were papering.  We placed adhesive on the back end of the wallpaper and started to place it everywhere on the walls.  We were careful to not allow any air bubbles to stay.  We pressed the wallpaper on and left it to dry. I needed to go buy groceries but I didn't want to forget anything. I decided to make a grocery list. I got a piece of paper and a pen. I went through each of my cabinets to see what I had and then the fridge and freezer. I then thought about what meals I needed to make for the week and started my list. I made a list of meal items, snacks, drinks, and other things that my family would need for the week. I then returned the pen to the drawer and put the list in my bag. When I was at the store I made sure to mark off each item as I placed it in my cart so that I wouldn't forget anything. Shopping with a list is so much easier then not shopping with a list. You don't spend money on things you don't need and it ensures you don't have to go back just for one thing. Early in the morning as the sun began to shine through the front window i heard Jad as he began to bark.  "It must be that time." I muttered to myself as i swung my legs over the edge of my bed and into my warm slippers.  Down the hall Jad continued to bark at the front door.  "I know, I know, I'm moving as fast as I can!"  I hurried to the door and reached for the leash that hung nearby.  Jad gleefully barked and shook his fur as i gently slipped the leash around his head and gave him a playful pat.  "We only have time for a short walk today buddy."  Opening the front door, Jad and I stepped out into the warm sun and began our short walk around the neighborhood.  Two short blocks around the neighborhood and we were back inside where i fed Jad a big bowl of food for being a good boy. A button fell off of my husbands shorts and I needed to sew it back on. I first got the button and pair of shorts that needed to be fixed. I found my sewing kit which includes, scissors, thread, and needles. I picked what color thread I needed to match as closely to the original thread color. Once I found the color I pulled enough thread to sew the button off of the spool and pulled the thread through the needle eye. I made sure the thread was even on both sides of the needle before beginning. Once that was done I put the needle through the button hole and tied it off to start. I then continued to pull in and out of the holes in the button to sew it back on. Once I made enough passes through the button I tied it off again making sure the thread doesn't come loose. I then cute the thread. The button was then perfectly sewn on! First, I decided what color, design, and size I wanted my party invitations to be. Then, I went to the party store to buy the perfect set of invitations. Then, I went home and decided when my party would be and thought Saturday would be perfect. I wrote Saturday on all the invitations along with my return address, phone number, and what the party was celebrating. I decided which of my friends I would invite and then called them to get their addresses. Then, I went to the store to buy stamps and went back home and wrote my address and my friend's address on each of the envelopes. I put the right number of stamps on and then licked the envelope flap and sealed all the envelopes. I put the envelopes in the mail box for the mailman to come pick up to send to my friends before Saturday. My friends and I were in New York City for the weekend. We did not have a car so we would have to depend on either taxis or the underground subway system. We decided that for the restaurant we wanted to go to, the underground would be the better choice. We had our cards ready as we went down into the underground. As we came upon the turnstiles we swiped our cards in order to get into the boarding area. After looking at some informational posters, we figured out which line we needed to get on and approximately when it would arrive. When our car came up we let the people off and hurriedly got ourselves onto into the car. There were a few seats open and we sat down for our short ride. When we saw that we were coming up on our stop we waited to exit the car. After we exited the car we took the stairs back up onto the streets of New York. When I graduated from high school, I had a large graduation party.  I sent out invitations to let people know about the party.  I thought about all the people I wanted to invite and wrote all their names in a long list.  Then I got on my computer and found a nice looking invitation form on the Internet.  I downloaded it, and could add the name of each person I wanted to invite.  I also had a link to a page on Facebook for the event, where people could say if they would be attending the party or not.  I printed these off, and stuffed them in envelopes.  Then I had to make sure I knew everyone's address so the invitations would get to the right place.  I addressed and stamped the envelopes, and carried them all to my mailbox.  A few days later, the invitations arrived and people began to RSVP if they could make it or not. Jim loves taking photographs he thinks it is one of best activities to do all the time! He had recently gotten a job to take some family photos, Jim accepted and he packed up all of his gear and drove to the location at which they were going to take the photos. Jim took out his camera and set it up on a tripod. The family all smiled very beautifully. Jim pressed the button to take the photo and there was a bright flash and boom the picture was taken. The family thanked Jim and paid him the money that he asked for. Jim packed up all his gear and then he headed home and took a big, long, and peaceful nap. the next morning Jim spent the money that he got from the photo shoot on clothes for him self and then he also went to taco bell the end. My house is on fire, and I need help putting the fire out so I can save my house. I remember to call 911 for help. The fire department has firefighters that are very good at putting out fires, and I remember 911 can bring them to my house. I call 911 from my cell phone and a lady answers the phone. She asks me what I need help with and where I am. I tell her my house is on fire and where I live, and she tells me that everything will be OK and she is sending firefighters over to help me. I wait outside for the firefighters, which come in their firetruck with the flashing lights and sirens to help me. They put out the fire with large water hoses and save my house for me. They thanked me for calling 911 in an emergency, and made sure that I was OK. I was getting hungry so I decided to make some food.  I had a box of macaroni and cheese in the cabinet.  I got out a pot and filled it about half way with water and sat it on the stove.  I turned on the gas so that they water could boil.  I sprinkled a little salt in the water so that the noodles didn't stick together as much.  Then I got out a pan to heat up some chicken.  I turned on the other burner and oiled that pan down with some butter.  The water for my macaroni and cheese was boiling so I dumped the noodles in.  Then I cut up a chicken breast into small pieces and put it in the other hot pan.  I stirred the chicken around and then stirred the macaroni.  Once the macaroni was done I poured out the water and added the cheese packet.  I waited a few more minutes for my chicken to cook through then I added it to my plate. Before I could get my driver's license I had to take a driving lesson. I called up a local company to set up a time to teach me. They arrived right on time and our lesson began. I entered into the driver's seat and waited for the instructor to tell me what to do. He told me where the gas and brake were, and how to get on the road. This lesson took me to many different kinds of roads like the highway, residential streets, and city streets. When I was driving too fast, the instructor used a brake pedal located in the passenger seat.  Other cars on the road gave my a  lot of space because they could tell I was learning. The lesson lasted about one hour and I learned a lot from it. At the end of the lesson I drove the student car home and my instructor gave me a debriefing on what I did well and what to improve on. I wanted to take my girlfriend out for a nice dinner for her birthday. She is very picky about food and has excellent taste so first I had to pick a restaurant I knew she might like. I also wanted to pick a restaurant she had never been to before. After a lot of research I finally found a Greek restaurant I thought she might like. I looked up their phone number on the internet and found it on their website. Then I called the restaurant and told them I'd like to make a reservation for two on August 6th. They told me what times were available. I chose 7:30 because I wanted to go out for putt putt afterward and this would give us plenty of time to do that. The host confirmed the time and place and the reservation was all set. I knew my girlfriend would be happy. The fourth of July is coming up, and I am planning on having a barbecue with my family. I think of all the different dishes I would like to serve, and write down a list of ingredients I'll need and people I'll want to invite. I then drive to the store and pick out each ingredient for each dish. I pay for all my ingredients and arrive back home, where I lay out my groceries on the counters. After reading the recipes for each dish, I begin to prepare any sauces or marinades needed to flavor each dish before it is cooked. Once I am finished, I call up each person I would like to invite and explain that I'm having a barbeque and invite them over. I tell them that we will have lots of cooked meats, burgers, hotdogs, and other regular barbecue foods to get them excited. I look forward to having my guests over and enjoying good barbecue with them. On Saturday night we had a big dinner.  My mother, father, two aunts, four cousins, and even my grandparents were there.  You can imagine that there was a lot of food eaten!  We had a great time together.  After we were done eating, I had to clean the table.  That was normally my job, but the table was not usually this dirty!   I asked my brother for help, but my brother was too busy playing.  I looked at the giant mess and felt discouraged, but I came up with a plan.  First I brought out a tray we had for drinks.  I stacked all of the plates on it and brought it to the sink.  I did the same thing with the glasses, silverware, and serving implements.  I soaked all of the dishes first and rinsed them with cold water.  I removed the table cloth and wiped down the table with a rag.  I even put the table cloth in the dishwasher!  My mom thought I did a great job. I am so excited to finally be sixteen and to start my driving lessons.  I signed up for the driving course at my high school and I started the classes last week.  The first few classes were in the classroom but yesterday I was finally able to really practice driving.  I entered the car with my instructor and sat in the drivers seat while he sat in the passenger seat.  I started the car and took a few turns around a quiet area of the school parking lot before the instructor told me to go onto the road.  I started driving down main street towards downtown and I felt really comfortable.  I only did a quick loop around town and I did not have to park or do anything that made me uncomfortable.  After the lesson we returned to the school.  I can not wait to become a licensed driver and maybe get my own car. I like to chop vegetables because that means I get to cook them and eat them afterwards. I chose to make a vegetable salad using lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cilantro, bacon, and croutons. First, I took out the vegetables and I laid them all out on my cutting board. I got my knife and I made sure it was clean, then I washed my hands. I set the lettuce out, it was a head, and I chopped the lettuce head into strips using my knife. Then I washed my knife and took my tomatoes, I cut them long ways and then across the other way so that they were diced. Once that was done, I washed my knife again and cut the outer edges of the onion off before cutting it long ways. Onions make your eyes water so it's okay if you start crying! Then I took my cilantro and bacon and croutons and threw them in as well and shook up the salad. It's finally the weekend! I woke up and decided that since I have time this morning and do not have to rush out for work that i would make a nice breakfast for me and my family. I get out of bed and head downstairs carefully to not wake up  my husband and my little girl sleeping in the next room over. I walk in to the kitchen and turn on the lights. I go to the fridge hoping that I have all the ingredients to make omelette's since they sound so good at this moment. I look into the fridge and find a dozen eggs, Cheddar cheese, tomatoes, onions and ham. my husband does not like ham and that's a good thing since there isn't much left. I arrange the ingredients on the counter and start to make up the eggs. After the eggs are all mixed I being chopping the onion, ham and tomatoes. I get out the frying pan and put some no stick spray onto it. I pour the egg mix onto the pan and wait a few minutes until the egg mixture is thicker, I then add the extras and wait a few more minutes then I flip it all together.  I continue this process  and make two more omelettes. I go up and wake up my husband and daughter and we eat breakfast. Tonight we are having our friends come to our home to eat dinner with us, so we must get ready. After getting all of the food cooked, we had to set the table. First we put a tablecloth down to cover the table. Then we put placemats at each seat around the table. With the places arranged, we put candles and a centerpiece in the middle of the table to make it look nice. Next, we placed a plate on each placemat. We put a folded napkin on the left of each plate. Two forks, a small one for salads and a big one for the main course, went on top of each napkin. We placed butterknives and steak knives to the right of each plate. Finally, we put a glass of ice water and an empty wine glass in front of each plate for our guests. Our guests arrived and we lit candles and had a lovely meal. I was getting pretty hungry, but there wasn't much in the house, except some frozen chicken, and a few carrots and potatoes, and some spices.  Since I didn't have any money on me, I decided I would make some chicken soup.  I took out a pot, poured some water in, and added the chicken.  There I brought it to a boil and added some of the spices. I continued to boil the chicken while preparing the carrots and potatoes.  I took out a vegetable peeler and started to peel the carrots, and when I was satisfied, I pulled out a knife and cutting board and proceeded to slice the carrots on the cutting board.  I went back to the boiling chicken and stirred it around a bit, and then went to the potatoes I had put on the counter.  I washed off some of the dirt from the potatoes but didn't work that hard at it because I was going to peel them anyway.  I then proceeded to dig out the potato's "eyes" which are essentially little buds or sprouts that will form new potatoes.  I then peeled the potatoes and rinsed them off and finally I sliced them up.  At this time the chicken was about done, so I pulled out the chicken pieces and proceeded to peel the meat from the bones and then discarded the bones.  I put the carrots and potatoes in the chicken stock, and boiled them until they were tender.  I then put the chicken pieces back in and the rest of the spices and stirred it around.  Finally I poured a bowl of soup for myself, making sure I got pieces of chicken, carrots and potatoes.  It was still very hot and I had to sit and blow on it for a while until it became cool enough to eat.  By this time, my Dad had come home and he was hungry too, so instead of lunch we ate an early dinner of this delicious soup.  Finally finished with the soup which was very good, I put the empty dishes into the dishwasher to be cleaned later. I am really excited to get together with my girl friends next weekend.  We are having a bit of a reunion of childhood friends and we were all trying to think of something fun and different to do.  My friend Sharon called me and exclaimed that she had the perfect idea.  She had signed us all about for salsa dancing lessons!  None of us have any formal dance training and I would also say that none of us are very skilled in the art of dancing however my guess is that we will have very fun and funny evening.  We were all told to wear an outfit that is easy to move in and shoes that we feel we will be able to dance in.  The lesson is only for an hour, then after that we may go to a salsa club where we will be able to try out our new moves. For Christmas last year , my family had a very big get together and everyone was tasked with making and\/or bringing a food item . I did n't know what to bring , so I simply asked my Aunt what she would like . She told me that she would love a cake , as there was a shortage of people bringing dessert . I figured that I should bake it myself since I do not bake fairly often . I looked throughout my pantry and realized I had everything I needed . I went ahead and made it the evening before using all of the ingredients . I mixed the flour , sugar , water , eggs and even made my own frosting and did n't use one from a can . It turned out very moist , sweet and very good tasting . The next day I brought the cake over to my family gathering and it was a big hit . Everyone seemed to enjoy it . Afterwards , my aunt and other family members thanked me very much . I was very happy with myself .  My family was really hungry and we didn't want to cook, so I decided to get some pizza.  I grabbed my wallet to take with me.  I got in the car and I drove down the hill to the next city to buy a couple boxes.  I parked in the parking lot and got out of my car.  When I entered the store, I could really smell the pizza and got even hungrier.  The person at the counter asked what I wanted and I told them that I wanted to get two pepperoni pizzas that were a large size.  He then told me that that would cost ten dollars.  I got out my wallet and paid him with paper money.  He then told me to wait two minutes for the pizzas.  I waited about five minutes and then he handed me the pizzas that were ready for us to take eat. It was the day before my girlfriend 's birthday and I decided to do something special for her ! Her favorite flavor is strawberry so I will make her a strawberry cake as a surprise . I began by getting the best strawberries and most delicious cake batter from the store I could find . When I arrived home I turned on the oven and began to make the batter . I mix the ingredients together and put the cake together . It then goes in the oven to bake and become golden and perfect for eating . I take the cake out after it has baked and put sprinkles on top and place the candles . I write on the cake happy birthday princess ! ! The next day I surprise her with the best cake that she has ever seen . She is so surprised that she faints ! After waking back up she enjoys the cake and tells me it is the best that she has had in years .  Last night I took a shower before going to bed. I ran the water so it could get hot while I undressed. I stepped into the shower and let the water rain down over my body. After wetting my hair completely, I reached for the shampoo. After massaging the shampoo into my scalp and hair, I rinsed the shampoo out. Then I put conditioner on my hair and combed it through. I let the conditioner sit on my hair for a few minutes while I washed my face with my favorite Kiehl's cleanser. Then I rinsed the conditioner out of my hair. Now that my hair and face were clean, I moved onto cleansing my body. I have two kinds of bar soap that I like to use - vanilla scented and lavender scented. I decided to use the lavender soap to wash my body. Once I was done, I turned off the water, stepped out of the tub, and grabbed a towel so I could dry off. I saw a sign for large pizza for 5.99 at domino pizza. It is good deal, and I wanted to invite some people to my house. I made a list of toppings that all like. Then, I found a number to call. I called the number , a person answered a call and asked me is it carry out or delivery. So I told him carry out. Then he asked me about the type of crust and I told him hand toast.   I ordered all large pizzas. 2 of them just plain cheese, 2 of them with beef and chicken( half and half) , 2 of them with jalapeno and green pepper. He told me to bring total $38.25. He repeated whole order for me and told me if I need to add anything else. I said no. He said thank you. He told me pizza will be ready in 20 minutes. Jan went into the video store to pick something out to go with her ritual Friday dinner and a movie. The new Jennifer Garner one was the talk of the office, and she picked up the first copy she saw on the shelf. Eager to get home and get supper started, she swiped her credit card impatiently in the card reader. She wished the girl at the counter would hurry up and get her out of there. Finally, the counter girl handed her the paid for rental, and told her to have a nice day. Jan drove home and rushed inside to power on her DVD player. She pressed the eject button right on the player, and the little tray popped out the front. She vaguely looked around for the remote as she put the DVD in the player, shiny side down. Not seeing it, she simply hit play right on the front of the player. The movie came on and she forgot all about having supper. An, hour later she was fast asleep on the sofa, and the movie was still playing. Oh the horror of having to visit relatives. I remember when I was a kid how traumatic the whole experience was. We always lived far away, a couple of states, away from the extended family. I'm not sure if that's an advantage or a disadvantage of being raised in the military. So going to visit relatives wasn't just packing up and going across town. We packed up, sometimes even got on airplane. When we went to visit relatives, we would stay for a couple of days or a week. So we'd spend a couple of days before hand just cleaning the house and packing our bags. Then there was the drive, usually lasted two days and a night spent in a motel (which was my favorite part of the whole thing.) Usually the first person we would visit would be my grandmother, my mother's mother. She was a bit uptight but man, could she cook. She always made two or three pies when we were there. After a couple of days, we'd always drive over and visit an aunt or a cousin, or sometimes both. Then there was the drive home. Again, staying in the motel overnight was always my favorite part. I need to go to grocery shopping.  The first thing I do is to make a list of the items I need from the grocery store.  I get a sheet of paper and a pencil.  I start to think about the meal that I want to prepare. I decide that tonight, I am going to make spaghetti.  I look in my cupboard to see if I have enough spaghetti.  There is a box in the cupboard, but there is very little spaghetti in the box.  I write down "spaghetti" as the first item on my shopping list.  I will also need some tomatoes, garlic and celery for my spaghetti sauce.  I add these items to my list.  I think about other items I use every week.  Do I have enough milk, eggs and butter?  I look in the refrigerator and see that I do need to get some more milk.  I add "milk" to my shopping list. Finally, I remember that I used the last of the toothpaste this morning.  I write down toothpaste and my shopping list is complete. Everyone in my family loves to have eggs for breakfast except for me. Because of this, whenever my dad is home in the morning and doesn't need to leave for work, he makes eggs for himself, my brother, and my mom. They all like their eggs scrambled and do not like it any other way. One particular morning, just out of curiosity, I thought I'd watch him make the eggs just to see what he does. I saw him crack a certain amount of eggs into a bowl, and I saw him scramble them with a fork. After this, he prepared a pan on the stove where he would cook the eggs. He set the heat on the stoves and put just the right amount of oil in the pan. Then, he would pour a bit of the scrambled eggs into the pan and cook them to perfection. He cooked just enough of them to feed the three of them, while I sat at the table and had a bowl of cereal. It was Fall so the weather was nice where I live. The wind felt good and it was not too cold, and not too hot. I thought it would be great weather for a picnic. I gathered up different ingredients to make myself some food to bring. I made myself a big sandwich and packed some tasty chips. I also boiled some eggs and peeled them. All the food I wanted to bring I put inside plastic boxes and bags to keep them safe. I had all my food ready, but needed a place to eat and somewhere to sit on that wasn't grass. I decided to pack a big blanket to lay on the grass. That would be much more comfortable and would keep any bugs in the grass away from my food. I went outside with all my supplies and looked for a nice place to set my picnic up. So I recently found out that my girlfriend's sister Kori and her husband Dave were going camping. They were going off to the mountains. Before deciding where they go, they deliberated and reviewed prices and debating, etc. They really had differing opinions about where to stay and how to camp. They decided that they would go to the Catskills. First, they had to find tents to stay in and reserve a shop on the campsite. Next, they looked at the campsite and checked out pricing and what would be included in their stay. Later, they were ready to go. They drove and arrived at the campsite and spoke with members of the facility about the  amenities. They had a lovely time and felt like they were relaxed and refreshed. They shared their experiences with both family and friends and were away from most of the action going on in the world. Visiting the beach is fun. Sometimes a beach is close and I can walk to it. Sometimes I drive to a beach far away. And there are some beaches in different parts of the word that I can take an airplane to. Today I am going to a beach near me but I have to drive to. I am going to take everything I need to have fun at the beach: sunglasses, towel, swim suit, sun screen and food and something to drink. When I get to the beach I have to find a place to the things I brought. I lay my towel on the beach sand far enough from the water so it will not get wet. Usually I get into the ocean water and swim all around. Or other times I play in the waves. This makes me hungry and I eat the food I brought, then take a nap on my towel. My friend and I decided to go downtown to see the history museum.  We decided the fastest and least expensive way to get there would be on the subway.  Since we live in the suburbs move than 40 miles from downtown, we drove to the station at the end of the line and parked our car.  At this part of the route, the train is above the ground.  We paid for our tickets and walked through the turn-style gate.  When the train arrived, we waited until the door opened and we walked in.  We found a seat for two and sat down before the train left the station.  It took us 40 minutes to ride downtown and half way there, the train went underground.  When they announced the next stop was the museum, we got up and stood by the door.  When the train stopped and the door opened, we walked onto the station platform and then up the stairs to the sidewalk above. I recently applied for a job at my local supermarket. A few days after I submitted my application, I got a phone call from the manager, who wanted to interview me. This made me both very excited and very nervous. I spent the next day trying to pick out the clothes that would make me look my best in front of the manager. The next day, just an hour before the interview, I noticed that my car had a flat tire. I realized that there was not nearly enough time for me to change the tire, so I called for a taxi on my phone. After changing into my outfit, I heard the taxi honk right outside my home. I locked up my house and got in the taxi. I gave the driver the address of the supermarket, and he got me there as fast as he could. After getting there, I paid him the amount of money I owed for the ride, and went off to my job interview. Today I had to clean the bathroom.  It is not one of my favorite chores, but I try to make it fun.  I cleaned the bathtub walls with a long handled sponge imagining I was washing the windows of a high-rise.  I wanted the 'windows' without streaks so the imaginary tenants could see the beautiful imaginary view!  I cleaned the toilet as if I were cleaning a tank at Sea World - imaging I was making a better home for some beautiful fish and how grateful they would be.  I then cleaned the sink making the water swirl as if it were a dance.  I cleaned the faucets as if they were mirrors and made sure I could see myself.  Finally, I cleaned the floor, imagining my mop as my waltz partner making sure to cover all the corners humming every step of the way!  When you make chores fun you can do them with high expectations but the time passes quickly. I woke my daughter up this morning to get ready for school.  When I leaned over the bed to wake her up with a kiss, I noticed her face was flushed and skin was warm to the touch.  She woke up but wasn't full of her usual energy.  I told her I was going to take her temperature to see if she had a fever and I went and got the thermometer.  I came back to her room and asked her to open her mouth.  I placed the thermometer underneath her tongue.  I waited for a couple of minutes and then removed it.  She had a temperature of one hundred and four degrees.  I told her I would be right back.  I went down to the kitchen and got the medicine we use to reduce fevers.  I also got a glass and filled it with water.  I took the medicine and the glass of water and went back upstairs.  I opened the medicine container and shook out two pills which is the correct dose for her age and weight.  I then gave her a sip of water and then two pills and asked her to hold the water in her mouth and then add the pills and swallow both at the same time.  She did just as she was told and she laid back down and fell back asleep. I noticed that my gas gauge was pointing in the red on my car's dashboard.  I found the closest gas station and pulled into the lot.  I parked in front of a gas pump.  I turned off the car, and remembered to take my credit card out of my wallet before getting out of the vehicle.  I swiped my credit card at the gas pump's computer to authorize the purchase.  The computer prompted me to select my grade of fuel.  I pressed the 87 Unleaded button.  I unscrewed my gas cap on my car and inserted the fuel nozzle.  I squeezed the handle to start the flow of gas into my car.  After a few minutes, I had pumped enough gas to fill up my car.  I let go of the pressure on the handle to stop the flow of gas.  I put the nozzle back on the fuel station.  I screwed the gas cap back on and pressed the Yes button at the computer to print a receipt.  I then got back into my car and left the gas station. On my way to work this morning I unlocked my car and got in. I buckled my seat belt and checked my mirrors to make sure everything was adjusted properly. I turned the car on, turned the radio up and turned on the air conditioner. I looked around and did not see anyone coming so I put the car in reverse and backed out of my space. I put the car in drive and pulled out of the parking lot. I pressed my foot lightly on the gas because I knew there was a stop sign, I stopped at the stop sign and looked to make sure no one was coming. I turned right onto the road and stopped at the top of the hill at the red light by putting my foot on the brake. When the light turned green, I gave it some gas and continued on my way to work. I pulled into the office parking lot and into my parking space, put the car in park and turned it off. I cracked my window since it is very hot today. As I got out of the car, I locked it and then shut the door as I headed into work. The grass was getting tall, so I decided to mow my lawn. I went to the garage to get the lawn mower. In the garage, I opened the gas cap on the lawn mower to see how much gas was in it. Since the tank was only half full I went to the shelf and got my gas can. I topped up the tank with the gas can, then put it back on the shelf. Next, I pushed the mower out into the lawn and grabbed the starter cord with both hands. I yanked as hard as I could until the engine started up with a roar. Then, I pushed the mower in straight lines across the lawn until I had covered the entire yard. I turned off the mower and put it away in the garage, then I grabbed my rake off a shelf near where I keep the mower. I took the rake and scooped up big piles of the cut grass to put into the garbage can that I keep near my back door. After I was done raking I could admire my freshly cut lawn. Last weekend, my friend and I worked in the garden. The weather was nice and sunny outside, so we decided it would be the perfect day to spend time outdoors in our backyard garden. Our garden has a lot of flowers in it, but we thought it would be fun to plant some vegetables as well. We went to the store and picked up some supplies that we would need, like a small shovel, a small watering can, and some vegetable seeds (including carrot seeds, tomato seeds, and cucumber seeds). We then went to our backyard and started to dig small holes in the soil so that we would have space to plant our seeds. We dropped the seeds into the small holes and then patted the soil back on top. Then we filled the watering can and watered each small mound of soil that had seeds underneath. All in all, working in the garden was a great way to spend the afternoon. I was upstairs in my bedroom reading my book. Right when I was about to turn the page, I heard a "ding dong."  "I wonder who that could be," I thought as I walked quickly downstairs to answer the door. I wasn't expecting anyone so early in the day. I peeked quietly through the peephole in the front door. I didn't recognize the young woman standing on the other side of the door. I opened the door only a crack so that I could talk with her. "Good morning, my name is Nadia. I just moved into the house next door. I wanted to introduce myself to my new neighbors," she said. I opened the door a little wider and stepped outside on my front porch. I shook her hand. "It's good to meet you, Nadia," I said. "Welcome to the neighborhood." She smiled and handed me a business card with her phone number on it. "I look forward to seeing you around," she said as she walked down the steps and on to the next house. Today I decided to make vegetable soup for lunch, so I needed to chop a bunch of vegetables. I went to my fridge and pulled out carrots, celery, and onion. I washed all of my vegetables in my sink and dried them with a paper towel. I decided to start with my carrots first. I took my vegetable peeler and peeled off a thin layer of the carrot. I took out my wooden cutting board and a sharp knife. Then I chopped off the top and bottom of the carrot and threw those pieces away. I cut the carrot in half lengthwise and then chopped it into smaller, bite size pieces. I put the pieces in my soup pan. Then it was time to cut the celery. I cut off the top and the bottom of the celery and threw those pieces away. Just as I did with the carrot, I first cut the celery in half length wise, then chopped it into smaller bite size pieces. I added the celery to the carrots in the soup pan. I then peeled off all the dried brown skin on my onion and chopped off the top knot and the bottom knot and threw those away. I cut my onion in half, then in half again and half again, repeating the process until I had small sized pieces of onion. I added my onion to the soup pan and added some water and seasonings to make my soup. My 3 year old daughter needs to take medicine everyday twice a day. In the morning she has to take 1 pill and a half with a cup of water before her breakfast. So i giver her water and then I take 2 spoons and crush her medicine. I put in on a spoon and she takes it and swallows the crushed medicine with her cup of water. Then at night she has to take a different medication, it is a shot. I put together her shot and get the dosage correct. She then tells me where she wants her shot and rubs an alcohol pad on the spot. I then insert the needle and count to ten to make sure all of the medication did go in. And if she takes her both of her medicine without crying she will get a treat such as a cookie or a piece of candy for being so brave. Next month I am throwing a birthday party for my husband. I am going to invite his close family and his friends. I am planning this well in advance so I will know how many people will be attending. First I will make a list of the people I want to invite. Then I will go to the card store and buy some invitations. I will also have to get enough stamps from the post office in order to mail the invitations. I would like people to RSVP (that is, let me know they are coming) so I will also include a small card with an envelope and a stamp so they can do this by mail. Or they can call me, so I will include my phone number on the invitation. This is not a surprise party, so their responding will not ruin anything. Now I will address and put stamps on all of the envelopes. Then I will put the invitations and the RSVP materials in the envelopes, and finally seal the envelopes. I will take the envelopes to the post office and put them in the mailbox. At this point I will be awaiting the invited guests' answers and I will start planning the party meal and activities. On Wednesday I cleaned the bathroom.  First I removed the rugs and placed them in the washing machine with other dirty items.  Then I started the washer.  Next I cleaned the sing and counter with a general bathroom cleaner.  I made sure the faucets were shining.  I cleaned the mirrors with glass cleaner and a separate cloth as not to mix the glass cleaner with the other cleaners I was using.  Next i scrubbed the toilet, using toilet bowl cleaner for the inside of the bowl and general bathroom cleaner for the outside areas.  I made sure to clean the bottom of the toilet and the floor around the toilet.  Next I cleaned the shower and tub with tile cleaner which removes soap scum or dried soap residue.  Finally I swept and mopped the floors.  After finishing cleaning in bathroom I removed the rugs from the washing machine and hung them out to dry.  I returned the rugs to the bathroom floor after they had fully dried.  The job was finally finished. Last night, I went out to a nightclub. I stayed until 4am, when the club closed down for the night. I do not live within walking distance, so my transportation choices were to take the train or to take a taxi cab. I decided to take a taxi. I stood outside of the club and held out my hand so I could flag down one of the taxis driving by. A few taxis drove by before one stopped for me. I opened the door and asked the driver if he was available to drive me to my neighborhood. He replied yes. I got into the backseat of the taxi. The driver asked if I had a preference on which route to take. I said yes and proceeded to give the driver directions on how to get to my apartment building. The drive took about 15 minutes. Once we arrived, I paid the taxi driver and went inside to my apartment. A couple years ago I moved into a new place. I had the moving company to delivery my furniture to my address. I was working and coming home in the afternoon. During the weekend I started putting away my furniture. Every afternoon when I go outside getting my furniture move in I continue hearing a noise as a little kitten was some where near. I continues to look but there was no sight of a cat. Two days later as I return from work I heard the noise of a cat, but still I didn't see anything in sight. I went up stairs and took a shower, shortly I came back down stairs, open the door and there was a cat standing at my front door. I brought the cat inside, because it seems cold. I wrapped it up in a blanket and begin feeding the cat cat food and milk. After an hour the cat seem to be okay and I kept him as my pet. I take photographs with my iPhone and I especially like to take pictures of people in pretty settings. I just visited my grandchildren. I took them to a botanical garden and decided to take a couple of photographs of them. I asked them to stand in front of a sculpture of a bird surrounded by beautiful flowers. I took out my phone and pressed the button to turn it from phone mode to photography mode. I told my two grand daughters to stand on either side of the sculpture. I made sure the sun was behind me. I told them to look at the sculpture and smile. I looked at the screen on my phone and I could see what the picture would look like. I backed up a couple of steps so I could get more flowers in the picture. I held the phone still until everything on the screen looked in good focus. I clicked a button to take the picture. The screen froze, went blank, and then the picture I took popped up. It looked perfect. I was hungry so I went into the kitchen and looked into the refrigerator for something to eat. There was a package of hotdogs, so I decided to cook two. I went into the bottom kitchen cabinet and took out a small pot. I filled it about halfway with water. Next, with permission, I took a non-sharp butter knife and carefully opened the package of hotdogs. My mom watched me use the butter knife to make sure I did not hurt myself. I rinsed the hot dogs off and then placed them in the pot of water.  The hotdogs I was not going to cook, were placed back into the refrigerator to keep them fresh. Walking over to the stove, I checked to make sure it was not hot before I placed the pot on an eye. Next I reached over and turned the eye on high until the water began to boil, rapidly. Once this happened, I carefully reached over the stove and turned the eye down to medium high. After five minutes, I check the hot dogs to see if they are done. I judge this by them turning darker or getting plumper. Sometimes if I am not sure, I let them cook until they start to split. When I am satisfied that they are ready, I turn the eye off and use a potholder to carefully place the pot on another eye that is not hot. I let the pot sit on the stove for a minute or two. Carefully I remove the pot from the stove and carry it over to the sink. I want to make sure I do not scald myself with the hot water from the pot so I run cold water in the pot for 30 seconds to one minute before I drain the water off by pouring it down the sink. Careful my mom tells me, as I almost let my hot dog slip out of the pot with the draining water. Once all the water is gone, I put the pot of the baseboard. Next I get a plate and place two hotdog buns on it. I have to remember to retie the package of hotdog buns and put them back into the bread box. I open the hotdog buns up far enough to add condiments but not far enough to split them apart so that they break. My favorite condiments are Ketchup, Mustard and Mayonnaise. My mom adds onions, relish and Sauerkraut to her hotdogs but I don't care for any of that on mine. I prefer to add cheese. Once I have 'dressed' my hotdog buns, I go over to the pot, take a form and remove my hotdogs before placing one on each bun. I place the pot in the sink so I can wash it after I finish eating. Finally I can sit down at the table and enjoy my hotdogs. I love making things look nice. So one day I decided to paper my bed room. That means placing wall paper on the walls by using glue specially made for the task. I was so excited I almost started and forgot to do the basic preparations that must take place beforehand. I had to move all the furniture such as my bed and my night stand. I then cleaned the walls to make sure the paper stuck. Once I did that I went and bought some wall paper. I chose wall paper that was blue because it is my favorite color and I chose space men as the design because outer space is so cool. Now with all the prep work done it was time to actually jump to the actual task of putting the wall paper on the walls. I cut the wall paper into pieces that would fit perfectly on the wall and then put glue on the back. Then I rolled it gently on the wall. I followed this process until it was all done. Voila! My bedroom was over and I like the change. I am getting hungry and it's almost time for dinner. I think that I would like to eat soup tonight. I look on the Internet for a good recipe for soup and gather the ingredients I will need. This soup needs carrots, potatoes, and beef it looks like. I read the recipe to find out how to make the broth for the soup, and prepare the broth. I then cut up the carrots and potatoes into small chunks, and throw them into the broth. The broth is hot on the stove in a pot, so I am careful not to touch it when I put the carrots and potatoes in. The recipe says the beef has to be cooked separately, so I set a frying pan on a burner on the stove. I cut the beef into small pieces and cook them in the pan on a medium heat setting. Once the beef is cooked, I throw it into the broth and let everything sit for an hour or two. The soup is now ready. It was Saturday and I was sitting at home with my husband and kids. We had a long day of hiking so it was time to relax. After flipping through the channels on TV, nothing seemed appealing, so I pulled up Netflix. I selected the "Kids" profile and scrolled down to the section of recommended titles. I selected a title that I had not heard of before but had 4 stars. One of the great things about Netflix was that if we didn't like it, we could return to the menu and pick something new. I turned off the lights in the living room and then sat back down on the couch. We watched as the intro scene played on the television and then progressed into the story. We sat on the couch, laughing until the final credits came up. I grabbed the remote, closed out the screen and turned the lights back on. It was time for the kids to go to bed. I was late for school the other day because my alarm did not go off. This was very upsetting as I am never late. My alarm didn't go off because the power went out and I didn't have any batteries in the clock as a back up power source. So I realized I needed to change those batteries. I went to the store and found the right size. Then I opened the back of the alarm clock and looked which direction to place the batteries. Battery compartments always tell you which side is negative and which is positive. Then I place the batteries in the alarm clock. I click the back back on and then set the time. I also have to make sure to set the alarm as well. I make sure to set it an hour before I have to be at school. I test the alarm to make sure the batteries work. Today, I and my toddler Alex decided to go out to eat lunch at McDonald's. It is a fast food restaurant, and we chose it because it has a play place he can play in. It is not too busy inside and we are able to walk right up to the counter and the employee takes our order. We get a cheeseburger happy meal, and a chicken salad. The employee asks what type of toy Alex wants in his happy meal, and we decide on a Super Mario figurine. As we wait for our food, I pour a soda from the vending machine, and find a high chair for Alex to sit in. Our order number is then called, so we go back to the counter and get our tray. We sit down at our table, and I chop up Alex's cheeseburger. He steals some of my cherry tomatoes. After we finish lunch, he spends a little while going down the slide in the play area and having fun with some other children. Finally, we get ready to head home, because it's time for Alex to take his nap. I needed to boil some milk for a recipe and I don't think I have every boiled milk before. I looked up the recipe first to make sure I put the temperature on the stove was correct and that I put the right amount of milk in the pot that I needed. Once I knew what to do, I put the stove on medium high and took a pot out of the cabinet and placed it on the burner that was on. I then took out the measuring cup and poured the milk into it up to the 1 cup mark. I poured the milk into the pot which was on the stove on the burner. I needed to watch it really carefully to not over boil it. After a few minutes the milk started having little bubbles along the edges. I let this happen for a few minutes like the directions said and took it off of the burner. I was on my way to work yesterday and realized that I had forgotten to eat lunch, so I stopped at a fast food restaurant called Wendy's to get a hamburger. I was in a hurry, so I pulled up to the drive through line and waited my turn. There were 3 cars ahead of me, so it took a few minutes. When my turn came I drove up to the intercom and looked over the huge menu above it. A nice voice greeted me and asked me what I wanted to order. I picked out a hamburger with fries. The lady who was talking into the intercom told me how much it would cost, and I pulled up to the window to pay. When I got up to the window a smiling lady took my money and handed me a white bag with a nice, juicy hamburger inside and a receipt stapled to the outside. I thanked her kindly and headed off to work. I woke up early around 6 AM and stretched my arms over my head.  I slowly got out of bed and decided to make my bed.  I first smoothed out the fitted sheet.  Next, I pulled the top sheet taught and tucked it in around the edges of the bed.  Then, I pulled the wool blanket up and smoothed it out.  I was careful to make sure the edges of the wool blanket were also tucked under the mattress.  After that, I pulled the comforter over the queen sized bed and made sure there were not wrinkles in the bedding.  When I was satisfied with how my bed looked, I fluffed all four of my pillows and placed them at the head of the bed.  Lastly, I put the throw pillows on the bed and folded the decorative throw and placed that on the foot of the well made bed. While it may not be the healthiest food, hot dogs are delicious, and one of my easiest and favorite things to make. Last summer I had a barbecue in my backyard and invited some friends over to grill some hot dogs. There are many ways to cook hot dogs: boiling, baking, in a pan on the stovetop, but nothing gives a great smoky flavor like a nice, hot grill. I preheated the grill and put the hot dogs on the burner, making sure to turn them often. On a separate table I set up different toppings guests could have like: ketchup, mustard, relish, onions, and mayonnaise. When cooking hot dogs, I can never forget the buns. My favorite way is to butter the inside of the rolls and grill them for about a minute, so the inside gets buttery and crispy. All my friends enjoyed the hot dogs and had a great summer day. It was almost time for my cousin's wedding.  I had bought an outfit especially for the occasion.  I took a shower and then dressed in my new clothing.  I did my hair in a nice bun and put on my makeup.  Then I make sure I had my earrings on.  Last, I found my shoes.  They were my favorite pair of sandals.  I made it to the wedding early enough to get a good seat.  The church filled up so fast!  Soon the bride was walking down the aisle.  She was so beautiful.  My cousin met her at the front of the church and the ceremony began.  The priest spoke for a half hour and they exchanged vows.  They were finally married.  The happy couple smiled as they walked back down the aisle.  We clapped and applauded them and finally left to go off to the reception where we would celebrate their marriage. Before my recent move, I lived very far away from some of my closest relatives. I lived in southern California, and they lived in central Arizona, and the drives to go from where I lived to where they lived took hours. These trips were usually just for the weekend, and we would usually prepare for them a day before. We would pack all of our clothes that we would use, along with our toiletries, and put them in our suitcases. On the day we were leaving, we would usually load up the car and leave fairly early in the morning. We would try to make as little stops as possible over the whole trip, really only stopping for gas and food. After about 4 to 5 hours, we would arrive at my aunt's house in Arizona, and we would spend the entire weekend over there just hanging out with them. Leaving was always sad, because we knew we wouldn't get to see them for months. Last weekend,  I went dancing with my friends after work.  It was Friday night, and they had told me of a band that was playing over in town.  I had not heard them before, so I told them I would like to go with them.  We all got in the car together, and had dinner first.  Then, we took the car to the restaurant where the dancing was.  The band was playing, and it was a very good band.  They had a mix of music, which was good for all of us.  Some people like rock music, others like country music, and other kinds like pop.  So, we all had fun dancing to our favorites.  We met some new people too, and it was really nice to relax and enjoy the night.  The dancing is easy to do once you follow the music, and we all took turns dancing with each other.  By the time we left, we were all tired, and our feet hurt because we had been dancing for hours. But we were happy. Cindy is going to visit her grandmother for the summer.  She will be gone for a while. Her grandmother has a swimming pool. Cindy won't forget to pack a bathing suit in her suitcase. She will also need to pack some more clean clothes and a toothbrush. Cindy has a doll collection. She also packed some of her dolls to show her grandmother. Cindy wants to pack many things. All of her things won't fit in her suitcase. She decided to pack only her favorite things. After she finished packing she zipped up her suitcase. Cindy took her suitcase downstairs to he door. Her mother checked her suitcase. She didn't want Cindy to forget anything. Cindy's mother drove to her grandmother's house. Cindy was happy to see her grandmother. She grabbed her suitcase out of the car quickly. Her grandmother told her to unpack her suitcase. She was very happy. I woke up in morning, and so tired to make egg for me so, decided to have some toast and tea with couple oven roasted hotdogs. I had some nice butter bread. This is my favorite bread, as it is perfect when we toast them. So I got couple of them out, I set the my toaster on medium as I like when it is toasted good. Usually I dip my toast in tea and eat it, so I got my butter out from freeze. I think it took at least 2 minutes for my toast to be ready. I Brought them out to the plate and immediately spread butter on them  for good flavor. I made 2 more toast like that, for butter and jelly sandwich. It smell so delicious. My tea was ready, which I cooked in microwave, added some cinnamon and my breakfast was ready. I put them on my table turned on some news and enjoyed my toast with my delicious tea. Last night, I decided to cook pasta for dinner. I had a few different varieties in my pantry to choose from - angelhair, spaghetti, linguine, rotini, penne, and shells. I decided to make the linguine. I got a large pot from the cupboard, filled it with water, and a pinch of salt. While I waited for the pot of water to boil, I grated some parmesan cheese. Once the water came to a boil, I emptied the box of linguine into the pot. I stirred the linguine so that it would not stick together. After ten minutes, I drained the linguine in a colander in the sink. Then I placed the linguine into a pan on the stove over medium heat. To create a simple sauce, I drizzled some olive oil over the pasta, and added a tablespoon of butter to the pan. I then added freshly ground pepper and the parmesan cheese I grated earlier. I stirred the ingredients together.  I was really busy yesterday and left all my clothes in a big pile on my bed after I pulled them out of the dryer. Today I knew I needed to fold them all. I started with my pants. I folded those in half, over a hanger, and hung them up in my closet. I then took my shirts, folded all of them in half, and set them in a neat stack in my dresser drawer. I took all my underwear, folded them in half, and placed them all in a neat stack next to the shirts in my dresser drawer. Lastly, I had to tackle all my socks. They were all jumbled together, and it took a long time to separate them and put the correct pairs together. When I found one sock, i had to look through the pile to find its partner. When I did, I folded the tops together and placed them neatly in my dresser drawer. Now my bed is neat again. When I got sick the other day, I needed to go see a doctor. I first had to call and make an appointment. I  asked them when they could see me, and they gave me some times I could choose. I picked one and told them I would be there at that time and on that day. I got in my car and drove to the doctor's office.I had to first check in at the front desk with the receptionist. She told me it would be a bit of a wait, and told me I could sit and fill out paper work for the appointment. The papers asked me about my health and life. I filled them all out and returned them to the receptionist. I waited some more. Finally, they called my name. I first met with a nurse. She weighed me, checked my height and used machines to check my temperature and blood pressure. She left and the doctor came in. I told him what was wrong and he told me he would write me a prescription for some medicine to help me get well again. I left the room and talked to the receptionist again, to pay my fee and left. I decided to clean up my flat today. I began by picking up all of the loose items laying around and putting them in their correct spot. Then I got some ammonia and sprayed and wiped down the windows. I used a cleaning solution to wipe down all the counters and tabletops. Then I went into the bathroom and cleaned the shower, toilet and sink using more cleaning solution. I then went back to the main room and got the vacuum and broom out. I went into the bathroom and swept the tile floor. Then I got the mop out and mopped the bathroom floor. I then returned to the kitchen and cleaned the stovetop. I swept the kitchen floor and then mopped the tile floor. I finished cleaning my flat by vacuuming all the carpet in the living room and bedrooms.  I also vacuumed the area rugs around the flat. I waited until my dishwasher's heat cycle was finished before opening up the dishwasher door in order to avoid having my face blasted with steam. I pulled out the top dishwasher rack first, and unloaded my glasses, mugs, and salad bowls. Next, I pulled out the bottom dishwasher rack and unloaded my plates and a large soup pot. I saved unloading the silverware for last, as its my least favorite part of unloading the dishwasher. I replaced the silverware compartment and checked the soap compartment to make sure there wasn't any dishwasher detergent leftover. I also checked to make sure that the water drain was clear of any food particles. Then I let closed the dishwasher door so that it locked and wouldn't swing open on its own. Unloading the dishwasher is one of my least favorite chores, but I felt a sense of accomplishment once I had finished the task. When my daughter was first born, I had only changed a few diapers in my lifetime.  After she was born, I had to change a lot.  When we were in the hospital, she only went to the bathroom a few times, but I changed her diaper there.  I got her diaper and wipes ready before I changed it.  Then, when she would cry, I would take her onesie off and take off her old diaper.  I would make sure that she was really clean down there and then get ready to put the new diaper on.  When she was ready, I would put the new diaper on below her, and then put the new straps on.  Then, after I was done with that, I would put her onesie back on so that she would stay warm.  I threw away all of her diapers in the trash can that was by the bathroom. I have an orange tree in my front yard. This morning, I decided I wanted to make some fresh orange juice with the fruit that my tree produced. I asked my little boy if he wanted to come, and of course, he did. We gathered a bucket and an extended arm grabber tool. We headed outside and picked some oranges off the tree. We found that twisting them off the branch was easiest. We also used the grabber to pick up the fruit that had fallen off the tree onto to ground. We filled out bucket and headed inside. Next, we got out our juicer. We rolled the oranges on the counter a little, to activate the juices. Then, we cut the oranges in half and pressed the on top the juicer, catching the juice in a container. We poured our juice over ice and had the most delicious glass of fresh orange juice ever! When it was the Fourth of July, my family and I decided that we would have a barbeque at our house.  I asked some friends if they could come and bring a bunch of food with them, like hotdogs.  I went to the store and bought some coals to use over the barbeque and some corn that I could cook in a Mexican style.  When everyone shows up, we cooked the food and set the table.  We ate the food on paper plates and talked to each other.  After we were done eating, everyone decided that we should play volleyball with water balloons.  We got out some towels that we could use to throw the balloons over the net and get the other team wet.  We had a lot of fun that night and when it was over, everyone decided that we should have this barbeque every single year from now on. After a lot of discussion with my friends, we decided on the party's theme of under the sea. I went out to a party store to browse and buy party items that matched the theme idea, including invitations. I found all the items I was looking for and then some, including a pack of 150 invitation cards. I went back home and started going through the guest list and filling out the cards. We came up with a list of  about 100 people that we wanted to invite to the party. At least I had enough extra cards in case I messed up some. Needless to say, it was a long and tedious task that was finally completed after a few days. Nobody really offered to help me fill them out. I went to the mail to ship them out and wasn't happy about the waiting or how much they charged for postage. My friend and I went to eat dinner at a restaurant. We each ordered a drink, he had a Coke and I had a Bud Light. We looked over the menu and placed our food orders. I ordered a turkey club hoagie with no bacon because I do not eat bacon. When my sandwich arrived I saw that it did have bacon on it. I am afraid that I will get sick if I just pick it off since the grease would have gotten on other ingredients in the sandwich. I waved to our waitress and told her that the sandwich had bacon even though I ordered it without. She said that she was sorry and they would make me a new sandwich right away. I got my new sandwich and our waitress told me that her manager told her to not charge me for the sandwich and go give me a gift card for next time to show how sorry they were for the mistake. Today I wanted a salad so I went to the store to get vegetables. I picked the freshest tomatoes, cucumbers, and lettuce to put in the salad. When I got back to my house I made sure to wash the vegetables and cleared off a space on the counter for the cutting board. I picked out a sharp knife and started to chop up my vegetables. I made sure to keep the chunks small and also they could fit in my bowl. After I finished I put my chopped up veggies into my salad spinner to mix them all together. I made sure to get out a bowl big enough for all my ingredients to fit comfortably. I put the mixture into my bowl and topped it with my favorite dressing. After I finished enjoying my salad I collected all of my dishes and washed them before storing my leftover vegetables in the refrigerator. We are making soup for dinner tonight. We gather the ingredients. We have chicken stock, pre-cooked chicken pasta, carrots, celery, and potatoes. We fill a giant pot with chicken stock and add the chicken and vegetables. We add salt, pepper, and poultry seasoning to the pot as well. We place it on the stove and turn in on. We bring the pot of ingredients to a boil and then turn the heat down to low and let the pot simmer for several hours. The smell is amazing! About halfway through the cooking time, we open the lid of the pot and add in the pasta. The low cooking temperature will take time to cook the noodles but when the soup is ready, the noodles will be nice and soft. After several hours, the soup is ready! We grab a ladle and serve the soup in big bowls for our dinner. Homemade soup is delicious For my birthday, my boyfriend decided to cook me dinner. The only things that he asked me to do were set the table and then clear the table after we ate. I set the table with a plate for each of us, and candles for our dinner to be romantic. He made a rib eye steak with grilled asparagus and a Caesar salad. He even made a pound cake for dessert! After we ate, I was so full I didn't think that I could move but we needed to get the dishes going before we started watching our movie. I first took all of the glasses off of the table and set them on the top rack of the dishwasher. Then, I grabbed both of our plates and put the silverware on top of them. I rinsed everything off and put it in the dishwasher. Once the washer was going, I went back to the table with a wet rag and wiped everything down so the table was nice and clean again. When I was through, my boyfriend was waiting for me on the couch with a glass of red wine for us to watch our movie. I came home and looked in the kitchen. I had a lot of dirty dishes stacked in the sink waiting to be cleaned. I frowned and knew that I had to clean them. Luckily I had a dishwasher, so that job would not be too hard for me. I put each of the smaller dishes from the sink into the dishwasher, including the silverware. I filled the dishwasher with soap and turned it on. There were still a few big dirty dishes left in the sink, though. Those I would have to wash by hand because they were too big to fit into the dishwasher. I grabbed a sponge and sprayed some soap onto it. I scrubbed the food and bits of grease off each dish, and rinsed them under the water to get the food and soap off. Some dishes were extra dirty so I had to scrub and rinse them more than once. After a while, all my dishes were clean again. I like to eat in restaurants, but sometimes the food can come out wrong. When this happens, I have to call over a waiter and explain the situation. Today, I was eating a plate of chicken, and found that some of the chicken wasn't cooked enough. I told the waiter this, and she said she would take the plate back and get me a fresh plate of food. She took the plate from me and went back into the kitchen, where she would explain to the chef there that the food have been underdone. The chef will then prepare me a fresh plate of food, and when he's done, the waiter will bring it out for me to enjoy. This can take some time, because the chef has to start fresh and make sure he doesn't make any new mistakes. Soon the chef is done, and the waiter comes out with a fresh plate of food for me to eat. This time, it's perfect! My garbage bag in my garbage can was full to the very top. I needed to take it out and put another one in so I could keep using my trash can. I pulled the old and full bag up by its sides, being very careful not to spill anything or break open a hole in the bag. I pulled it out all the way and carefully sat it on the ground. When it was on the ground I tide up the side, by grabbing each side and pulling them into a knot. I set it aside, to bring to the dumpster later. I went to the cabinet and pulled out a new garbage bag. I rubbed the opening together to loosen it up so I could open it. When I did I held it out and shook it, so it would open up big enough to place garbage in. I put the bag in the can and put the lid back on. Ready to be used again. I wrote a letter to a friend yesterday. I began by picking out a piece of paper and a pen. I chose my favorite blue pen. I started the letter with "Dear Katie", because her name is Katie. Then I started a new paragraph and wrote about some things that were happening in my life. I told her about what I'd been doing, and how I'd been feeling. When I'd written down everything I wanted to tell her, I wrote at the bottom, "Love, Caitlin" because my name is Caitlin. I folded up the paper and put it in an envelope. I licked the sticky part on the envelope and them pressed it down to seal the envelope. I wrote my address in the top left corner of the envelope, then my friends address in the center. In the top right corner I placed a stamp. Finally, I put the letter in a post box where the mail carrier would pick it up. I bought a present to take to my friend's birthday party. I need to wrap my gift in pretty paper so my friend will not know what her gift is until she unwraps it. I will also need to buy some tape to seal the folds and edges of my wrapped gift. I did not have any paper that was appropriate for a birthday party. I only had wrapping paper left over from Christmas. This paper had reindeer and Santas on it. I go to the store to look for paper. I decided to pick a pink paper that has the words, "Happy Birthday" printed on it. It is very pretty and my friend's favorite color is pink. The paper is wrapped around a cardboard tube. When I unroll the paper at home, I lay my gift on the paper and cut a square out that is big enough to wrap around the present. I fold both sides of the paper in and tape them together. I do the same with the ends of the paper. Soon my present is completely covered and hidden under the pretty, pink paper and looks very beautiful. Finally, I tape a large, ruffled pink bow to the middle of the package. When I give the present to my friend she is delighted with the wrapping paper. She decides to unwrap her gift slowly, instead of tearing the paper off. She saves the paper to use again on someone else's present. My friend is completely surprised when she finds hiding underneath the paper is a jewelry box! Both my friend and I are happy. To clean a floor, like my kitchen floor, I use several steps. First, I use a broom to get any dust or crumbs off of the floor. I sweep the crumbs into a dustpan and empty the dustpan into the garbage can. Next, I use a bucket and mop to give the floor a more thorough cleaning. I fill the bucket with warm water and mix about a quarter of a cup of floor cleaning liquid with it. I dip the mop into the cleaning solution in the bucket and remove it, draining any extra water back into the bucket, Then I move the wet mop around on the floor to clean it. I dip the mop back into the bucket to rinse the dirt from mop and drain it again before moving the mop over the floor again. I repeat this step as many times as is needed to clean the whole floor. I decided I wanted to change the color of my wall. However, I needed to get some supplies, so I had to go to the local hardware store. I went to the paint aisle to try make a decision of what color I liked best. They had a wide range of examples so I could make my choice easily. I picked the color I wanted then I went over to get a paint brush, floor cover, and painters tape. I checked out at the fastest register and headed home. When I got home I cleared out the space so I wouldn't get paint on everything. After the room was clear, I taped off the bottom and top edge of the wall and put the floor cover down. I opened the paint can and put the brush in careful not to get paint on the handle. It was now time to start actually painting the wall. I started at the top of the wall and slowly painted to the bottom, touching as little of the tape as possible. I kept painting until the whole wall was covered. My family loves to eat fish, so I decided to cook some for supper.  First, I went to the grocery store and picked out a nice piece of fresh cod.  I brought it home and cut it into nicely sized serving pieces.  I got an egg from the refrigerator and mixed it with a little water.  Next, I mixed together some bread crumbs, corn meal, and Parmesan cheese.  I put some oil in a pan and heated it on the stove.  I dipped the pieces of fish into the egg mixture first, and then into the crumb and cheese mixture.  Next, I put the pieces of fish into the hot oil in the pan.  It made a nice sizzling sound.  I let the fish cook for a few minutes on one side, and then I turned it over and let it cook on the other side.  After about 10 minutes, it was nicely done.  Then I served it to my family for supper. The right side of sink was full of dishes again, so I got a sponge out of the drawer next to the sink and set it in the empty side of the sink. I plugged the drain and ran scalding hot water until the basin was about half way full, adding dish soap into the running stream of water. I set the dishes in the water to soak for a few minutes and gently removed the stuck on food with the sponge. I then carefully arranged the pre rinsed dishes into the dish washer. I rummaged under the sink looking for dish washer soap and finally found some of those packets. I popped a packet into the soap dispenser and snapped it shut. I closed the dish washer and selected the correct setting and pushed start with a two hour delay because electricity is cheaper at night than at mid day. When my family was done eating our food for dinner, it was my turn to clean the table of all the food that we had eaten.  I first cleared all of the dishes off of the table and took them to the sink.  I ran water over the food to make sure that it got off of the plates for my brother who was going to do the dishes.  I took a couple of containers and poured any extra food into them so that we could keep them for leftovers.  After I did that, I got out a rag and ran it under some really warm water.  I took it to the table and scrubbed the table down.  I picked up any extra scraps that were on the table and kept them in the rag.  When I was done, I took the rag to the sink and washed it off. When the weather started getting nice this spring I decided that I wanted to start a garden. A friend with a large yard said I was welcome to plant it there. I built some raised beds and purchased enough soil to fill them. I planted things that I would enjoy eating including tomatoes, green beans, basil, mint, parsley, zucchini, cucumbers, lettuce and some wildflowers to make it pretty and to encourage bees. Once I got everything planted I stopped by everyday to water and pick weeds. I did have to put some chicken wire around some of the plants because I noticed some of the plants looked like something was chewing on them, as the plants started getting bigger I also had to make some supports for the tomatoes and beans so they didn't fall over. As things were grown and ready I picked them, I offered some of the vegetables to my friend and I took the rest home and enjoyed them. My brother and I would switch off dishwashing and clearing the table/sweeping every other night. I didn't mind clearing the table, and I have always found sweeping to be deeply satisfying. But I detest doing the dishes. When I was about fifteen, I bet my father that if I got straight A's in school he would do the dishes for a year, and if I lost I would do the dishes for a year. I honestly have no idea what I was thinking because I had never gotten straight A's in my life. But like an idiot I thought with enough motivation it would be no problem, and not doing dishes was a huge motivator! It really sucked. After a while I felt like I was a dishwashing pro, but I just figured out a way to unload the silverware in much more efficient manner and I am kicking myself for not doing it this way for the last 30 years! Seriously, why did it take me so long to figure this out? It was summertime finally, the weather was getting warmer and the days were getting longer. I decided that after a long year of work it was time to take a vacation. I called up both of my brothers and asked them if they wanted to come along. Excited, they said "Of course!" We decided to go to New York City, our favorite place in the world. We went to travelocity and started looking for packages. We wanted to stay over a course of four days, Thursday through Friday at the end of June. We found a hotel we liked, right in the middle of Times Square. We booked it and prepared to leave in three weeks. As the day got closer, we began to pack our bags with all the clothes needed to last the trip. We talked to our friends and family to get ideas as to what we should do while we were there. Then as the day arrived, we got a cab to the airport and prepared to board the plane to NYC! Just this past weekend, there was an overload of dirty laundry at my house. The clothes basket was full, and the clothes started to smell very strongly. To take care of this unpleasant sight and smell, I did as much laundry as I could. After all of the laundry was washed and dried, it was time to fold it. The first thing that I did was determine which pieces of clothing belonged to which member of the family, and I put them into separate piles, working on mine first. After this, I started folding separate groups of clothing one after another. I started with underwear, folding boxers, t-shirts, and bunching socks together, and putting them in my dresser drawer. Next, I folded my dress t-shirts. I do this by folding the shirts in half, first by the sleeves, then twice going down. Then, I folded my pants by the legs. Once all the clothes was folded, I put it all in it's own dresser drawer. I realized that I hadn't fed my fish yet yesterday afternoon. The fish is a Beta named Tom and he is bright red and blue. I walked up to his tank and opened the drawer underneath it. I pulled out a small plastic jar labeled "beta fish food flakes" and unscrewed the lid. I then removed the cover from a small opening in the top of his fish tank making sure to not shake too much in, I carefully sprinkled a small amount of flakes into the tank through the small opening. Tom immediately swam to the flakes that were slowly sinking down into the water and began to nibble at them. Satisfied, I replaced the cover on the top of the tank and watched him eat for a few minutes. I then screwed the fish food lid back on and put it back inside of the drawer underneath his tank. I woke up this morning and decided it would be a great day to have a picnic. I asked my daughter to help me get ready for us to have a picnic. We found our old picnic basket that was made of wicker and wiped it nice and clean. My daughter decided she wanted to make turkey wraps for us to eat so we got out the tortillas, turkey, cheese and lettuce. We also love grapes and watermelon so while she made wraps, I washed the grapes and sliced the watermelon and put it into containers to take. We filled our reusable water bottles with apple juice to drink and decided some yogurt would be nice to have so we put that in our basket too. We got our napkins, silverware and a nice big blanket to sit on. We put it all in the basket and decided that we had everything we wanted to eat. We closed up the basket and walked out the door and up to the little park on the corner. I was sitting at my computer and my doorbell rang. I checked my phone to see if anyone had texted or called me that they were coming over, no one had. I looked out the window to see if I recognized the car and I didn't. I looked out the peephole and saw someone standing there with a company logo on their shirt. I was not expecting anything from this company so I did not answer the door right away figuring that they were a door to door solicitor. The person continued to ring the doorbell and then began to knock. I went over to the door again and locked the chain lock. I cracked the door open and asked how I could help them. The man at the door proceeded to tell me that he was going door to door offering a new package to their cable. I told him I was not interested and closed the door. I walked down the stairs in search of some medicine for my mother.  I did not want to her to get sick so I was in a hurry.   I opened my drawer and grabbed her medicine for her cold. I stared at the bottle to make sure that I had the right one.  I opened the bottle and grabbed one pill.  I then ran up the stairs.  My mother was on the bed and was waiting for me.  I took the class of water that was sitting on the wooden table beside her.  I gave her the pill.  She was about to take the pill but then she stopped when she thought about me.  She told me to take care of herself so that I would not end up like her someday.  I realize that she was right.  I watched as she drank the water and the pill right now. The dog was becoming antsy, so it was time to take him for a walk. I grabbed the dog leash from the counter, and walked by the front door. I called for the dog to come to me, and he did. I kneeled down and I put the leash on the dog. I lifted each of the dogs front legs so that they could fit into the openings of the leash that would be secured around the dog. After his legs were in both of the openings, I fastened the leash by clipping the attachments over his back. I checked to make sure that the lease was not in the locked position, so that the dog could move freely without the and yanked back suddenly. Once I saw that the lease was in a freely moving position, I turned and opened the door. Once the door was open, the dog understood that it was time to go for a walk, so he shook himself off, then turned to exit the house, walking out the front door. I stepped outside the door and instructed the dog to stop and wait, while I locked the door to secure my home. Once I locked the door and secured the keys in my pocket, I told the dog that it was time for us to go, and the dog ran towards the sidewalk, pulling behind to follow. I arrived at the dentist office and told the receptionist my name so that she could let the dentist know that I was there. I waited in the waiting room reading magazines until my name was called. I walked back to the room where the dentist would clean my teeth. I laid back in the chair and let the dentist look at my teeth. He cleaned them and let me choose what flavor cleaning gel I wanted. I chose cherry. When the dentist was finished cleaning my teeth she told me that my teeth were pretty and white. The dentist told me that I do not have any cavities and then gave me a small bag with toothpaste, a toothbrush, and floss. When I left the room I went back to the receptionist and told her when I would like to schedule my next visit. I told her that I would schedule it for the date that was six months from then. My friend and I heard there was a very good musical coming to town. We decided we would go to see it if we could. First, I went to the website of the theater where it would be playing, to see what dates and times it would be playing. I saw what times I had free. Then I emailed my friends with the show times that were good for me, to see which worked for her. She replied with the one she liked best. Then I went to the website and bought tickets. I selected the show time my friend and I wanted, picked seats, and paid using a credit card. I received an email with a confirmation to print out. I printed out the confirmation and also sent my friend an email so she would know we were confirmed. In the email, I also suggested a meeting time and place, and asked her to pay for her ticket when she saw me. When the day of the musical arrived, I met my friend at the place and time we picked, and we went to the musical together. We gave the ticket taker our printed-out tickets, found our seats, and enjoyed the show. There once was a man who had a full trash and his can was red and busting to the rim. The man thought to himself why its time to make it empty again. So he lifted the lid and placed it on the floor next to him. The man then smelled the food was bad and stinky so he lifted the bag up a bit and began to close the bag. While he closed the bag he tied it in a knot not once but twice so noone can get into it. He then lifted it up with all his might and before he could replace the bag he took the full bag outside for the trash men or woman to get it. The man went back inside and smelled that his place was nicer so he went into his pantry and grabbed a white fresh bag and placed it inside the can. But before he forgot the man put the lid back on and in this the man went back to bed to grab some sleep again. Once my laundry has dried, I then need to fold my clothes. First I take the clothing that needs to be folded out of the dryer. I place all of the clothing on top of the dryer in a pile so that I have easy access to it. I usually start with pants.  When I fold pants, I take both legs and fold them together, and then I bring both pant legs up to the waist and I have completed folding my pants. The next items that I fold are shirts. With shirts, I always fluff them out by giving them a good wave in the air.  Once I do that, I then place the shirt face down on top of the dryer.  I begin by folding in the sleeves and then I fold the bottom about half way up. I then fold in each side. Finally, I take the bottom of the shirts and fold it up to the top. Once all of my clothing has been folded, I place them in my laundry basket and bring them to my room to be put away. Folding my clothing keeps my clothes in good condition and makes them very easy to put away in my dresser drawers. One of buttons fell off of my long sleeve button up blouse today so I decided to sew the button back onto the blouse myself. I was lucky that I found the button after it fell off and did not need a replacement button. All I needed was a needle and thread. I found my sewing kit in the closet and opened it up to find that I had many options of what color thread to use. I decided to go with black thread to match the color of the original thread used in the other buttons on the shirt. I also had a choice of different size needles to use. I went with a medium sized needle. I threaded the needle and then proceeded to place the button on the shirt and sew it back on. Once I was done, I cut the excess thread off. I tested out the button and it worked perfectly. Before I vacuum the carpet, I first make sure that all of the kid's toys are picked up, and will have them do that and put them away. That way I don't have to pick them up as I get to them. I then get the vacuum out of the closet. Before I plug it in, I remove the dirt tray and empty it in the trashcan. I make sure the filter is on tightly, then I put the dirt tray back in. I plug in the vacuum, and turn it on. I start at the edge of the carpet and move the vacuum back and forth, overlapping small areas at a time. I move any furniture that I cannot vacuum under. When I am done, I replace all the furniture to its original place on the carpet. I then unplug the vacuum and wrap up the cord. I put the vacuum back in the closet. I spent most of the afternoon gardening , and was close to covered with dirt . I reached a point that I was satisfied with , and decided to leave the rest of the work for the next day . After taking off my mud-encrusted boots , I tiptoed towards the bathroom , where I knew a relaxing bath was in my future . I drew the water as hot as I could , and quickly filled the tub halfway with water . I stripped my clothes , first taking off me pants , then my shirt , socks , and underwear . Two drops of lavender oil and two cups of epsom salt is what I put into the tub , balancing out the temperature with cold water until it was just perfect . I slowly dipped my foot into the tub , and found the feeling spectacular . I slowly sunk the rest of my body , and closed my eyes in a breath of sweet relief .  I was very hungry one day, so I decided that I would make some toast. I went to the pantry and had to decide between wheat bread and white bread. Since wheat bread is better for me, I went with that choice. I pulled two piece of bread out and made sure to seal the bag well so the rest wouldn't become stale. I walked into the kitchen and put the two pieces of bread inside of the toaster. I set it to five, so it would come out perfectly crispy. I pressed down on the lever and it started to cook. While I waited, I watched the outside of the bread become nice and golden brown. It was very fun watching it cook. Once it was done, the toast popped up. I grabbed a plate out of the cupboard and put the two pieces of toast on it. I then ate the toast, which was delicious. I've never had much of a green thumb, but this year I decided that I would give gardening a chance. I'd driven passed so many gorgeous gardens on my drive home from work each day, and I thought that I would enjoy my yard much more if it were filled with blossoming flowers. I had spent a day out shopping for all of the tools and seeds and other products I would need to make a garden grow strong and beautiful. Today I changed into clothing that I didn't mind messing up with dirt and grass stains. I gathered all of my gardening supplies into a wheelbarrow, and set out to work my garden. First I started turning up my soil with a shovel; mixing the dirt up and adding some manure into it so that it would be a good place to grow plants. I opened packs of seeds and poured them into small holes that I made in the freshly tilled earth, and I planted the holes in straight lines across my new garden bed. I sprinkled some dirt over the holes, then watered the ground. My day of gardening was done, and soon I would have fresh blooms blossoming in my new garden. Last weekend I had a barbecue with my friends and family because it was Memorial Day. To prepare for it, I wrote out a menu and decided to make hamburgers and hot dogs. We also had potato salad, a watermelon, some chips and french onion dip. Other people had brought food, as well. There ended up being about 25-30 people that showed up! We had set up a slip and slide and an inflatable pool for all the kids. There were also about 200 water balloons for everyone to throw at each other with. A lot of the adults enjoyed those! We had a game of horse shoes and a bean bag toss, as well. Between the food, the company, the holiday to commemorate the fallen and the sacrifice that they made to keep our freedoms (as well as, coming together to be good people, no matter who is in office) and the games, everyone had a lot of fun at the barbecue!! As I hung the phone with my friend , I was very excited . I was going to visit her today , and I would get to travel by train . I called for a taxi , then quickly packed up a day bag with a few things I would need . As the taxi took me to the train station , I realized I had not traveled by train in many years , and wondered what might have changed . As soon as I arrived , it was obvious . Now you didn't have to wait in line to buy tickets from a person , but instead from a machine . I found one that was unused , and stepped up to read the directions . I thought this was very confusing , until a station employee stopped and explained the process to me . Soon I had my ticket , and was walking to line where I would await the train 's arrival . If was not far , and there was even an empty bench seat . Soon the train arrived and I stepped up into the car printed on my ticket , and found my seat . After the train was in motion , a conductor came by to check and punch my ticket . He smiled , and told me to have a good trip . Yesterday, I had a job interview near my college campus. Because I don't have a car at school, I ended up having to take a taxi. I first looked up the number for the taxi company by searching the Internet for nearby taxi companies. After getting the number, I called it to ask if they would be able to send a taxi driver over in the next thirty minutes. I told the dispatcher my address, as well as the address of my destination (the location of the company that I was interviewing at). The dispatcher agreed to send the taxi at the agreed time and location. Thirty minutes later, I received a phone call from an unknown number. The taxi driver had arrived and was letting me know that he was waiting for me outside. I grabbed my briefcase and purse and ran outside to meet him. I then got into the taxi. The driver's meter kept track of how long we traveled for. Ten minutes later, we arrived at the location of the job interview. I paid the driver the amount that the meter said I owed, and exited the taxi. Last summer my family and a few friends went on a camping trip. We decided to make a bonfire so that we can enjoy a evening gathering at the campsite. After we decided on the place to build the bonfire, we collected large prices of branches, twigs and leaves. At the same time, two friends started digging a shallow pit of about one-and-a-half feet wide. Others went around the camp site to collect large pieces of rocks and placed them around the pit. That kept the fire from spreading outside of the pit. We arranged the branches and twigs like a pyramid and placed the leaves under it. I lighted a fire with lighter and the leaves started to burn. Then the twigs and branches started to catch the fire. We pulled up our picnic chairs around the bonfire and enjoyed sipping hot chocolate and eating snacks. When I woke up this morning, I decided I would like to have scrambled eggs for breakfast. I went into the kitchen, and got a skillet and a bowl out of the cabinet. I also grabbed a fork and a spatula out of the drawer. I then walked to the refrigerator, and got out the eggs, milk, and butter. I broke four eggs into the bowl, poured in a bit of milk, and stirred them together. After turning on the burner on the stove and putting in a small pat of butter into the skillet, I poured the egg mixture into the hot skillet. I turned the eggs over and over with the spatula until they were done. By this time, I was very hungry and the eggs smelled good. I turned off the burner and selected a plate from my cabinet. I put the steaming hot eggs onto the plate and grabbed a fork. Happy that my eggs were done, I sat down at my kitchen table and had myself a very yummy breakfast. Last time I went to a fast food restaurant was this morning. Me and my girlfriend were hungry and just wanted to find something quick to eat. As a result, we decided to take a short drive to McDonald's. We both had sandwiches are they were both good. I got a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on a bagel, with a hash brown and she got an egg and cheese Mcgriddle with a hash brown. Both were really good and enjoyable and both came out hot and fresh. We also both got soda's with our meals. The total was very cheap and the service was efficient. We sat down and ate and had a great little meal. It was fulfilling and enjoyable and we left shortly after. We both enjoyed our meal and felt really full after. We knew that we preferred not to eat at fast food restaurants, but this experience was good. Since my parents are adults, they are constantly having to pay bills for just about anything. Bills are payments of money that have to be made to pay for specific services, like water, electricity, and Wi-Fi. One monthly bill that my parents are constantly having to pay is the water bill. The first sign that the bill is due soon is getting a notice in the mail that says so. This notice has on it the amount of money that needs to be paid along with the date that it needs to be paid by. If the bill is not paid by this date, then the company that provides us with water will send us a disconnection notice in the mail. This lets them know that if my parents don't pay the bill soon, the company can shut off the water to our house, which won't allow us to do things like take showers, wash dishes, or do laundry. So, to avoid all of this, one of my parents will take whatever amount of money that is owed out of their bank account along with the bill they got in the mail, and take that to the nearest water company office to pay it off. In the summer, we love to build a bonfire and sit around and visit. Sometimes we even roast marshmallows or hot dogs in our bonfire. To begin, we choose a safe location to build the fire where we will not catch anything else on fire. Next we gather dry wood and pile it up in our designated safe location. As a safety precaution, we also bring a water hose and a few buckets of water so that if the fire was to begin to spread, we could quickly stop it from getting out of control. After we have our wood and water, we also look for some leaves or something else that will easily catch fire such as newspaper. We then use this to light the fire with a very long lighter because we want to continue being safe. Once the fire has started, we gather around it and sit and visit. Once the flames have almost subsided, we roast marshmallows or hot dogs. It was finally the weekend.  I had invited my friends over for a small get together.  We were going to make a bonfire out in the back.  First of all, I went to the yard and gathered all the wood I could find.  I loaded all the wood and sticks into my trailer connected to the truck.  When it was full, I brought it to the center of the yard.  I threw all the sticks and wood into a pile on the ground.  I pushed all the wood together making sure it was compact.  When everyone got there, it was time to light it.  I took a bit of newspaper and scrap and stuck it under some of the branches.  Then I went into the house to get the lighter.  I came back to the wood stack with the lighter.  I struck the lighter and held it to the paper.  It caught flame and the bonfire was lit! Sometimes on rainy days I like to go to the museum since there is nothing to do outside.  Today was one of those days, so I went to the museum with my friend Kallie.  We were going to see an exhibit on dinosaurs.  We walked into the museum and waited in line to buy our tickets.  We paid the cashier and then entered the exhibit.  We were careful to be quiet so we wouldn't disturb other visitors.  We went to the first exhibit of a T-Rex and took turns reading the plaques that were displayed next to the exhibit.  We took our time visiting each exhibit and even had a chance to talk to a curator about specifics.  The curator was there to answer questions that visitors may have about the different dinosaurs on display.  She was very nice and helpful and told us a lot of neat things we wouldn't have otherwise known. When I was in high school, I always needed the help of an alarm clock to wake me up in the morning. This would help me get all of my things ready for the day and get to school on time. One morning, though, the alarm clock didn't go off, and I ended up waking up and going to school much later than usual. After school that day, I realized that the battery on the alarm clock was probably dead, so I walked to a convenience store close to my school to pick up some batteries. I had my mom pick me up from the store, and after getting home, I changed the batteries on the alarm clock. The alarm clock turned on immediately after this, so I knew that it would work the next morning. That night, I set my usual alarm, and sure enough, it went off right on time the next morning. Unlike the day before, I was able to get all of my things ready and be at school right on time. Last week I and my friend John had a visit to a fast food restaurant. Though the restaurant looked like any other regular one, it gave me different experience. The fast food restaurant had no waiters or menu card. There were several counters to order the food. There was a queue in front of every counter. We joined in one queue. When our turn came, we were asked to order our food by choosing from the variety of food items listed in a screen in front of us. I ordered a burger and a pocket of french fries and my friend ordered a chicken sandwich. After our order, we had to wait for few minutes for the food to get prepared. Once our food arrived, we collected them and went to a table in the restaurant and enjoyed our food. Once we finish the food, we ourselves had to return the empty plates at a particular place. It was a good experience. After the dishwasher stops, I usually open the door so the steam can escape and the dishes can dry faster. An hour or so later, the dishes are dry. I usually start with the silverware first. I take the basket of silverware out of the dishwasher and carry it to the silverware drawer. That way I don't have to bend over so much. I put the silverware away in the proper holders in the drawer. Then I put the silverware basket back in the dishwasher, and check out the plates and bowls on the bottom rack of the dishwasher. I always make sure they are clean before I put them away, because sometimes food gets stuck and they aren't quite clean. I stack the plates and bowls in the cabinets. Then I unload the top rack of the dishwasher, which contains the glasses and mugs. I put them in the cabinet, nesting the mugs so I can fit them on the shelf. Then I push the racks back in and shut the dishwasher door. Back in my high school P.E. class, we did units where we would focus on one specific activity. One of my favorite units that we did was the tennis unit. We would break off into teams of two and face off against each other, and this usually made for great fun. First, we would make the teams. Sometimes, the P.E. teacher would let us pick our own teams, so we could pair up with a friend, or they would assign us with partners. No matter what the case was, the teams of two were able to always pick their opponents. Once everybody know who they were playing with, they took a spot on the court, and one person from each team would serve the ball. Serving the ball means throwing it up into the air and hitting into the opposing team's side of the court. The two people on each team would then keep the ball moving by hitting it back and forth onto the opposite side. Whenever someone wasn't able to hit the ball back, it was out, and that team lost a round. Every day, since usually my whole family is away at school or work, they get home hungry. On one of these days, recently, I decided that I would be the one to cook dinner for them, figuring that they deserve a break after a whole day's worth of hard work. First, I had to figure out a meal that I could prepare that everyone would like. I ended up choosing to make some teriyaki chicken and rice. After deciding, I prepared the teriyaki sauce in a pan on the stove using soy sauce and brown sugar. Once the sauce was done, I added some chopped up chicken and mixed it well to make sure the chicken got an even coating of sauce. Separately from this, I cooked about 3 cups of rice in the rice cooker. I made just enough for everyone in my house, including me. Once they all got home from school and work, they were pleased to find that I had made dinner, and they all seemed to think it was delicious. It is Saturday morning and my mother wakes me early . Every Saturday morning is grocery day . My mother likes to shop by the week . The store is huge . As we walk in we get a shopping cart and start down the 1st aisle . Fruits and vegetables all stacked neatly in shelves . Potatoes in bags stacked next to the onions . Grapes in big bunches . This is my favorite aisle . I love the colors and the shapes . Here you can find some stuff I have never seen before . Star fruit , miniature bananas and blood oranges . We spend most of our time here . We are vegetarians so we do not go to the meat counter or the dairy aisle . We do go to the cereal aisle and I beg my mother every week for a different cereal treat . Sometimes she says yes and others no . But this week is yes and Frosted Flakes get tossed in the cart with delight . I am so excited about this that I do not pay much attention to the rest of the trip . I help my mom bag the groceries and put the bags in the trunk of the car . When we get home it all unloaded and put away and then it is time for some Frosted Flake goodness .  I sprinkled some carpet fresh over the living room rug and let it sit for about 30 minutes. I pulled the vacuum out of the closet and plugged it. holding the cord in my left hand with some slack and the vacuum handle in my right hand, I flipped the power switch with my foot. I began in the far corner and worked my way across the carpet in a lines. I made sure to vacuum under all the furniture and edges of throw rugs. I also used the tube attachment to vacuum under furniture cushions and get some cobwebs that had accumulated in the ceiling corners. Once I was done I quickly looked through the canister contents to make sure I hadn't vacuumed up any legos, puzzle pieces or small toy parts. Once I was done with that, I unplugged the vacuum and wrapped the cord around the spokes on the back of the vacuum and emptied the canister. I returned the vacuum to the closet. I looked at my calendar and saw that this summer I had an opening in my schedule to take a trip. I checked my bank account to see how much money I had to spend on this trip. Once I settled on a budget, I began to brainstorm on places that I could go to. I decided on a trip to Hawaii. After that I began to plan out every day of the trip. The most important days would be the traveling to and from there on the first and last days. Then I needed to decide on a place to stay. I found a great hotel that was close to many attractions. I began to book all my arrangements. Once that was out of the way, I looked for fun things to do and places to eat. I made a big list so I could narrow it down later as the trip was closer. To make scrambled eggs, you will need one to four eggs, depending on how hungry you are or how many people will be eating the eggs. You will also need a small frying pan, a bowl, a fork, a spatula, some butter, margarine, or oil, and a little bit of milk. First, crack the eggs by hitting them against the side of the bowl and let the egg fall into the bowl. Add a little bit of butter or oil to the frying pan and turn the stove on to medium heat until the butter melts. Add a little bit of milk to the eggs if you want to, but it is not necessary. Then, with a fork, mix or beat the egg mixture until the egg whites and egg yolks - the yellow part - are completely mixed together. When the pan is hot, pour the egg mixture in the pan and stir it with the spatula until the liquid begins to get hard or firm. Reduce or turn off the heat and continue to stir the eggs until they are as firm as you want them to be. My girlfriend and I decided to do something different.  We thought about it and realized that it had probably been a friend's wedding three years ago since we last danced together.  Having shamed ourselves, we decided on a bar downtown that had a live band that we both liked.  After dinner we got dressed, called a cab and soon we were on our way.  We entered the bar sat down and ordered drinks.  Soon the band begin to play and we waited for the right song.  We knew right away when the right song began to play so we spontaneously headed for the dance floor.  It really had been a while!  I suddenly felt like I was twelve again at my uncles wedding reception.  My girlfriend was doing fine while I felt like drugged monkey awkwardly making funky dance moves.  Soon I relaxed and calmed down a bit.  It helped not to worry about what others thought and just have fun and be myself. I absolutely love the beach.  Today was a very sunny day here in Miami.  I decided it was perfect weather to soak up some sun.  I put on my polka dot swimsuit and made sure to lather my skin in sun-screen.  I brought with me a cooler to bring soda and water and my favorite beach blanket.  I also decided to bring along the book I was reading at the time.  When I got to the beach and parked my car I enjoyed my walk to the sand.  When I decided to pick a shady spot I laid my blanket on the beach.  I sat down and first read my book for a few chapters.  I than took water out of my cooler and took a sip.  Than I decided to dive into the water.  The water was pretty calm and not too cold.  It was refreshing and beautiful! I opened the door to my home and proceeded to take off my shoes. Naturally, I reached for the light switch to turn on the lights, but it didn't work this time. I knew the light bulb must be out. So, I walked to my supply closet where I keep extras of things. I slide the door open. I flick on this light switch. Thankfully, this one works. I scan the shelves for extra light bulbs. Luckily, I have some already, so that saves me a trip to the store. I grab the light bulbs case and remove one. After all, I only need one. I return to the front of the house where the light bulb is out. I reach for the light bulb and see if it is hot to the touch. It is cool, so I twist light bulb out and replace it with the new one. I flick on the light switch and the room is illuminated. Today, I was working on a report for work. I was hoping not to be disturbed. I was about 10 minutes into really being productive when the phone rang. I just ignored it, since I thought it would stop the progress I was making. The caller hung up and called right back. I again chose to ignore it. But, the caller was persistent. They hung up and called right back for a third time. This time, I stopped typing my report and picked up the phone, with a clearly agitated tone. It was my friend whom I had not seen for 15 years. She was in town for two hours and wanted to get together before she left. I decided that meeting with my friend and seeing her was a much better use of my time, so I turned off my computer and headed out. I was glad my friend was so persistent and that I ended up answering the phone. Last Christmas I had to bake a cake for myself , and it was a bit of a doozy . I do n't know a lot about making cakes , but I have a super-huge baking pan , an oven , and a big sweet tooth ! I left the house looking around various convenience stores for cake mix ; it was Christmas , so going to a big store and wasting a bunch of time was out of the question . I had to spend a whole hour checking for a store that had any cake mix left ! I finally settled on two boxes of butter cake mix and some pink lemonade frosting and took it all home . Since my pan was way too big for just one box , I had to follow the instructions and double every ingredient while making the batter and pouring it in . I preheated the oven , put the cake pan with the batter in to bake , and watched TV for a few hours while I waited for it to be done . I checked the cake several times with a toothpick to make sure it was fully baked . Once it was done , I took it out to cool and frosted it , and then cut the cake into several square pieces . It went better than I expected for my first cake on short notice , but the frosting was SUPER sweet !  Two friends named Ajith and Vijay were studying in a christian school. Tennis is the only game they played very well. Also they know, at the beginning of each training session there should be a 10 minute obligatory warming up program containing exercise which prepare the tennis player , both physically and psychologically , for the strains of the training to follow. The warming up exercise program will normally start with hopping, side-stepping, backwards running or leg cross over running preliminary exercises. Following this there is a period of relaxing gymnastic exercise, using the principles of moving from head to the feet in turn. In which Vijay was a good player rather than Ajith. In school days they had won lot of matches by jointly played. Not only for exercise also for mind refreshment Ajith and Vijay were playing tennis. Christian school also helps both them to play in all district and state meets. Every week, my family decides that it is time to change our bed sheets.  This past week, it was my turn so I took all the blankets off the beds.  I took all of the pillows off of the beds, too.  I took the sheets off of the bed and placed them in a laundry basket to take to the laundromat.  After I had taken the old sheets off, I got out the replacements sheets that we keep in our closet.  I took them and stretched them all over the new bed.  I made sure that the bed sheets were very tight so that there wouldn't be any part of them that would come loose.  After I had placed the new sheets on, I got the pillows and the blanket and placed them back on the bed.  I made the bed and took the old sheets to the laundromat across the street. Last week was my friend 's birthday . I asked him if he was going to do anything special and he said no . I felt bad for him , so I said I would at least bake him a cake . Maybe this was a hasty decision since I have no experience baking cakes . So I looked online to see what I needed to do . I found a recipe that looked easy enough , so later that day I drove over to the grocery store to buy all the ingredients I would need to bake the cake . When I got to the store I started gathering up everything I needed . Once I almost had everything I turned down an aisle and noticed there were boxed of pre-made cake mix I could buy . This seemed like an easy option , so I put all the ingredients back and bought one of those mixes . I got home and started baking . All I needed to add to the mix was a couple eggs and some vegetable oil . After it was in the oven for an hour the cake was ready .  I had an important job interview to go to the next day, so I decided to iron my shirt and pants. I got out my ironing board and iron. I set up the board in the center of the room. I got my shirt and pants out and put them on the board. I decided to do the shirt first. Once the iron was heated up, I slowly went over each piece of the shirt. I was careful to stay away from the plastic buttons because I didn't want them to melt. After the shirt was nice looking and wrinkle free, I put it on a hanger. Then, I started ironing my pants. I did the front and back and took extra care around the waist line. Once that was done, I pulled a hanger out and very carefully folded them and placed them on the hanger. I put the iron and the ironing board away and hung my clothing up in the closet. They looked great. Last night I went out for what I hoped would be an amazing steak dinner.  I had been hoping to try a new restaurant in my neighborhood called Strip.  They are known for their variety of steaks cooked to order and a very creative menu of side dishes.  I order my steak, a small filet mignon cooked medium rare.  I also ordered a side of steamed broccoli and mashed potatoes.  I drank water with dinner because I was driving last night.  When my steak arrived I eagerly cut into it expecting it to be cooked exactly as I had ordered.  Instead it was cooked well done, very well done.  I took one bite and I realized that I would have to send it back.  It is really rare that I send food back however this steak was not at all what I had ordered and something that I knew I wouldn't enjoy.  I sent it back and it was replaced quickly with a steak cooked perfectly to my tastes. The carpet in the living room was really dirty.  I decided it was time to vacuum it.  First, I got the vacuum cleaner out of the closet and rolled it to the living room.  I made sure there were no toys or big objects in the way.  Then, I plugged the vacuum into the wall in an outlet in the living room.  I walked back to the vacuum cleaner and I turned the switch on.  The switch was by my foot so it was easy.  The vacuum cleaner came on and started to roar.  I passed the cleaner carefully across each part of the carpet, making sure all the dirt would be sucked up.  When I was finished, I turned the vacuum off.  I unplugged it from the outlet and rolled the cord back up.  Then, I put the vacuum back into the closet where I had gotten it from before. I was getting ready to make dinner.  My friends would be over shortly and I had to start making the spaghetti.  First, I gathered my ingredients.  I got the noodles and pasta sauce out of the cupboard.  Next, I got a pot out of the cupboard and filled it with water.  I put the pot on the stove and turned on the gas.  I heard the stove come to life and the flames started to heat the pot.  Soon, the water was boiling and I added the noodles.  I let the noodles cook.  Once I thought the noodles were done cooking, I put them in a strainer and dumped the water out.  I added the pasta back into the pot and then opened the jar of spaghetti sauce. I mixed the noodles and sauce together and let them warm together so the flavors would mesh.  Soon, the food was piping hot, and my friends arrived, ready for dinner. Today I realized that it was the first of the month, and that it was time to pay all of my bills.  I first had to make sure that my rent was paid, because I didn't want to get kicked out of my house.  So I found a box of envelopes, pulled one out, put a stamp on it, and put my landlord's address on the front.  I then found my checkbook, made one out equaling one month's rent to my landlord, detached it from the book, and put it in the envelope.  After sealing it, I walked down to the neighborhood blue mailbox and dropped the envelope in.  Finally, I returned home and found my wallet.  After pulling out my debit card, I went to my laptop, visited the websites for the gas, water, electric, and Internet utilities that I use, and paid my bills through the online payment methods. It was getting late, and I was getting hungry. I didn't want to cook, so I decided to order a pizza. The first thing I did was decide which pizza place I wanted to order from. Once I decided, I had to figure out how to order the pizza. Nowadays you can call the pizza place on the phone to order, or you can send an order online. I chose what kind of pizza I wanted - extra pepperoni! - and then decided if I wanted my pizza delivered or if I would pick it up myself. I chose to have it delivered, because I didn't want to drive out to the pizza place. Once I placed my order, all that was left was to wait for the delivery. When it arrived, I paid the pizza boy for the food and gave him a tip for his hard work. All that's left now is to enjoy the pizza! The first thing to do is to make sure you have the ingredients that is required to make a cake . If I do n't I just head to the store and buy some supplies to make a cake and everything else I had to buy while I am there . In order to bake the cake , I preheat my oven to 350 degrees , and then i grease the cake pan . After the pan has been greased , I get all the wet ingredients and I start mixing them in a bowl . Then I pull all the dry ingredients and start mixing them in a separate bowl from the wet ingredients . After both bowls have been mixed in well , I start mixing in the dry ingredients in with the wet ingredients . After that has been mixed in well , I poor the cake mix into the pan very carefully and make sure it is applied evenly in the pan . After a while the oven should be ready , and I place the cake pan in the oven rack carefully and let it bake . Yesterday my sister and I went to the sauna. When we got there the worker said there would be a 15 minute wait. We grabbed a quick workout first. We finally got to go in and after the week I had I don't think I could have waited much longer. I have been feeling tired all week and the sauna helps me relax. My sister uses the sauna because she says it is spiritual. We set the sauna for 175 degrees and set a timer for 30 minutes. We both chose to go in nude and just sit on a towel. The smell of the cedar when we walked in instantly soothed me. After our 30 minutes we got out wiped the sweat from us and we felt so much better. After that we left and we each left the cashier a 10 dollar tip. I cant wait to go back next week. Last time that I went on a date, I felt confident, but somewhat nervous before hand. Upon arriving at the place, I waited around and looked for the girl I was meeting. I was early because I didn't want to be late for the date so I waited around for her for a little bit. I felt somewhat awkward because everyone that past by me I was wondering if it was her. After she arrived, I gave her a hug and we talked and enjoyed dinner and our conversation. After finishing our meal, I received the check and we paid and started to walk out while talking. I then walked her to her car and we exchanged a long hug before finally saying good night. This was a fun process and I enjoyed it. The date was fun and we felt like we got to know each other, while sharing strong conversation. One day, my friends and I went out for dinner to a nice restaurant in town. We were hoping to just relax, enjoy some good food, and have a good time since we had all had a rough week. We got to the restaurant, we were seated, and given our menus. We then ordered our drinks while we decided what we were going to eat. When the time came to place our orders, I decided to order a half rack of ribs, mashed potatoes, and French fries. After about 15 minutes of waiting, the waiter arrived with our food, but instead of the food I had ordered, I ended up with a sirloin steak meal. I took this up with the waiter, who apparently misheard my order completely. Disappointed, I asked him if he could please take back the meal he brought me and bring back what I ordered. Sure enough, he apologized, and returned several minutes later with my order. I wanted to watch a movie, so I decided to go to the store and pick one out. I got in the car and drove down to the store. There were a lot of movies to choose one, from all different genres, like dramas, cartoons, comedies, and more! I decided I wanted to watch a funny movie, so I picked one out and bought it. I brought the new movie home, opened it up, and put it into the DVD player. I turned on the television and clicked play. So I sat on the couch and got comfortable and made me a snack. I popped some popcorn and bundled up in a blanket and enjoyed the movie. I laughed and had a great time watching the funny movie. It was a good movie and I enjoyed it. When it was over the credits rolled and I stopped it and put the DVD back in its case and turned the TV off. My husband and I were finally going on a trip that we had been planning since we got married. Before we could go I had to pack my suitcase. I began by making a list of all of the different things I would need to bring. This was tricky because where we were going experiences many different types of weather within just a few days span. After I had made a list I went and got my suitcase from the closet and made sure that there was nothing left in it from the last time I used it. I began by packing the shoes that I had decided I would need on the bottom. Next I added my pants and heavier sweaters and sweatshirts. After that I added my shirts and cold weather wear. I ended by packing my socks and belts on the top. I was ready to go on a trip now that I had finished packing my suitcase. One day , a friend and I decided to bake a cake . We first looked up ingredients online to make the type of cake we wanted . Then we went to the supermarket and bought all of them . After bringing all of our ingredients home , we followed the recipe instructions closely to ensure we were not doing anything wrong . We put our ingredients together to make sure they were at the right temperature , preheated the oven , and pulled out the proper utensils . We then prepared the batter using eggs and some other materials we purchased and then poured them into a pan . We then put the pan in the oven and baked it according to the instructions . After baking the cake in the oven for the time the recipe told us too , we then double checked to make sure it was done by pushing a knife into the center . We saw some crumbs sticking to the knife when we pulled it out so we knew it was ready to eat !  Last week I went to the hairdresser and got my hair cut . When I got there , the receptionist told me I could have a seat and she 'd call me when it was time for my appointment . I flipped through a magazine , and about five minutes later my name was called . A woman gave me an apron to put on . The apron was to keep water and hair off my clothes during my appointment . She brought me over to a sink and sat me in front of it . The sink has a special notch so you can lean your head back comfortably . She wet my hair and shampooed it , then brought me to my stylist . I sat in a swivel chair in front of a mirror . The chair swivels so the stylist can turn me and reach different areas of my hair . She asked me how I 'd like my hair cut . I told her I 'd like her to cut a few inches off , and to give my hair some layers to fluff it up . She used special extra sharp hair-cutting scissors and cut my hair . Every so often , she - asked me how I liked it so far . When she finished , she gave a mirror to hold and turned the chair around . I was able to hold the mirror in front of my face , and at the same time , see the back of my head in the large mirror . I told her I was happy with the cut . She blew-dry my hair , and added some styling mousse . I gave her a tip , then I paid for the haircut at the front desk . I almost forgot to take off the apron before I left .  Tonight I made my daughters tacos for dinner.  I had already cooked the meat before, but wanted to season and reheat the meat on the kitchen stove.  My oldest daughter wanted to help me so I had her gather all of our seasonings.  We switched the gas burner to on, and put a little olive oil in the pan.  Once the oil got hot we placed the meat in the pan.  My daughter almost burned herself, so we had to remind her to be really careful.  I gave he the spatula from the counter to move the meat around the pan to heat it evenly.  She sprinkled salt, cumin and cilantro onto the meat.  We continued to give it a couple more pokes with the spatula and removed the pan from the heat.  My daughter shut off the gas switch and we served our meal to our family.  It was delicious. I don't have a camera, but often I take photographs with my phone. If I'm walking around my neighborhood and I see a beautiful flower opening, I can take a snapshot of it almost instantly. I just take out my phone, and turn it on with the button on the side. then, once it is powered up, I press the camera icon. This icon is a small picture of a camera on my phone's screen. When I tap the camera icon, the phone gives me a look at whatever is right in front of it. If I want, I can tap the camera icon again and take a picture of that. On the other hand, I can tap a different button and take a picture of whatever's on this side of the phone instead. That's usually me. Today I took a picture of a big pink rose in full bloom. To make an omelette, I would use at least 3 large eggs. I would also decide what vegetables, meats, or cheeses I would like to add to my omelette, like peppers or onions; ham, bacon, or sausage; or mozzarella, cheddar, or American cheese. I would use a small to medium frying pan and melt a little bit of butter or margarine in the pan with the stove on medium heat. I would crack the eggs into a bowl, beat them, add a bout a tablespoon of milk, and then pour the egg mixture into the heated pan. I would let the eggs cook for a couple minutes and then add the toppings I would like. I would then use a spatula to flip the omelette so the other side can cook. I would cook the omelette until both sides are slightly brown. Then I would use the spatula to fold the omelette in half and serve it on a plate. A the church summer camp I volunteer at it was decided that we should try to make the campus more sustainable as well as beautiful . Planting fruit bearing trees was thought to be a good way to achieve these goals as well as letting the participants learn more about where food sources come from . Research was done into finding trees that would bear fruit in the season that the camp was most used . as well as having the requirements of water and sunlight and soil work with the land at camp . Several trees were ordered , including a cherry tree . In the chosen location a hole was dug and the tree had the burlap removed from the root ball and it was placed in at the appropriate depth . The soil with a few amendments was replaced and grass seed was sprinkled on . The tree was watered as suggested and I was assigned to schedule future watering and monitor the tree for health and insect invasions .  John was in a rush out of his office to get home. He rushed out of the office onto the sidewalk and proceeded to try to call a taxi. He waited by the side of the road until he finally got a taxi to stop by him. He waved at the taxi driver and opened the door. He continued to get into the taxi and sit down. He sat down into the comfortable seats and leaned over to tell the taxi where he needed to go. "I'm in a rush to get home!" He said to the taxi driver and the taxi driver just asked him where home was. John blankly stared at the taxi driver for a second and then told him the address of his house. The taxi driver promptly started the vehicle and drove off into the busy traffic. John sat quietly checking his phone while the taxi driver took him home. I walked in to my house after work and went to go use the bathroom. I noticed that I had clothes on the floor and my towels were dirty, and the mirror needed cleaning. It was time to clean the bathroom again. I got out the cleaning chemicals I would need from under the sink. I sprayed the mirror with glass cleaner and used paper towels to rub it clean. I gathered up all the clothes off the floor and put them in the laundry. The towels I had hung up were dirty so those were put in the laundry too. I vacuumed the floors and mopped afterwards. I scrubbed the toilet and wiped off the outside. I sprayed the walls of the shower with a foaming soap and wiped them down too. I did the same to the sink. My bathroom was looking much nicer again. Now it is clean once more. There are a lot of different ways to get around town.  One of my favorite ways to get anywhere I need to go is by using the underground.  If I'm leaving from home, I usually walk to the station that is nearest to my house.  But, there are so many underground stations, you can almost always get to a station fairly quickly.  Some stations have people working in ticket booths. Riders give the cashier money and the cashier gives the rider a ticket. Other stations have automatic machines where riders can put in the money or use a credit card and a ticket is dispensed.  Once you have a ticket for your chosen destination, you wait for the train to appear.  When the doors open, some riders will disembark.  Once the coast is clear, you can go through the doors to the train and find your seat. Beware, though! You have to be quick! If you move too slow, the train doors may close and you'll have to wait for the next train to get to where you want to go! Last time I answered the phone, it was my girlfriend Katie calling me. I knew that it was going to be an amazing and fulfilling conversation, filled with talking about babies and food. I answered the phone excitedly and said "hello!" I had to swipe the name that read "Katie" on my screen and then the phone was answered. I could hear her beautiful voice through my phone and we began to talk. I had to turn the volume up a little because she had just woke up and was speaking very lightly. I had to hold the phone close to my ear, but I still could not hear. So then, I put the phone and speaker so I could listen to her clearer. It was just then that I realized I had found the perfect way to answer the phone. This was easy and nice and I felt refreshed. I drive a lot and often need to fill up for gas. It had been several days and I had some time so I decided to swing into the gas station. I pulled up to the pump, parked my car, and turned off the ignition. I decided to pay at the pump. I slid my credit card into the slot and chose the kind of gas I wanted. I opened the door and removed the cap on the gas tank and stuck the nozzle in. I pulled the lever and let the fuel flow. I waited for a couple minutes until the pump turned off and the tank was full. I waited for the receipt to print and made sure it matched the numbers on the pump. I returned the nozzle and placed the gas cap back on my car and shut the little door. I got back into my vehicle, started it, and drove away. Yesterday my family went to the beach. First we put on bathing suits and sandals. Then we gathered together all the things we wanted to take with us, including towels, lunch, drinks, sunblock, sunglasses, plastic pails and shovels, and a beach umbrella. We put everything into the trunk of the car and then we all got into our seats and buckled ourselves in. My dad started the car and backed out of the driveway and then drove for an hour until we reached the beach. We parked in the parking lot and then took everything out of the trunk and carried it across the sand until we found a spot where no other people were sitting. We put everything down, spread out our towels, put up the umbrella, and took off our sandals. Then we all put on sunblock. After that we raced toward the ocean and ran into the water yelling "Last one in is a rotten egg!" We played in the water for a long time. Then we got out of the water and went back to our towels. We sat down and ate our lunch. Then we packed everything up and walked back across the sand to our car. We put everything back into the trunk, got into our seats, buckled up, and then my dad drove for an hour until we reached our house. I walk into the kitchen and see that the floor is filthy.  I walk to the laundry room and grab a broom and dustpan.  I put the dustpan on the bar.  I take the broom and begin sweeping the kitchen.  I sweep under the cabinets.  I sweep in the corners and edges of the room.  I thoroughly sweep the dirt into a pile.  I then pick up the dustpan and sweep all of the rubbish into it.  I then dump the dustpan into the trashcan.  I return the broom and dustpan to the laundry.  I then pickup the steam mop.  I fill it with water from the kitchen sink. I attach a mop head.  I then plug it into an outlet and wait for it to begin to steam. I then mop the kitchen.  I start at the furthest corner from the door.  When I finish mopping, I unplug the mop and return it to the laundry room. When my neighbor's cat bit my son, he got an infection. We went to the doctor, and he said some cat bites can be very dangerous. He prescribed an antibiotic, and said Rory had to take them all, one pill twice a day for ten days. They were such little pills, but Rory just didn't like taking them. I tried washing them down with a whole glass of water, but he said it felt they stuck in his throat, and he was drowning. I tried giving him a pill in a spoon, all covered with applesauce, but he said it tasted terrible. Finally I told him he should decide how to take his pills, and I would watch him take each one, since he needed to take them all. He agreed, and that evening he popped the pill in his own mouth. Then he took just a sip of water. "Nothing to it mom," he said. We clean the flat on Saturday mornings. Dad empties all the waste bins into a big trash bag and taking it out to the garbage cans. Mom gets a load of laundry going while my sister dusts the furniture and I vacuum the carpets. When we all work together, it goes fast and its sometimes even fun. Dad scrubs the bathroom and Mom give the kitchen a deep cleaning with all-purpose cleaning spray and a rag. She lets me scrub out the sink and dry it with a soft cloth so it shines. My sister isnt tall enough to reach to scrub the tub, but Dad lets her scrub and shine the bathroom sink while he cleans the toilet with a long-handled brush. The mirrors are tricky, if you use too much cleaner they smear and streak. You have to use just enough and rub it off well. Using a school or public library is a great thing to do . While I 'm at the library , I like to peruse the shelves and see if there is anything that catches my attention . If I do n't see anything I like , I can use the online catalog to find something that I either need or want . It 's simple to find books on the shelves if I write down the call number and follow the signs directing to that area . Once my book is in hand , I prepare by getting out my library card and heading toward the circulation desk . Some libraries now have self-service checkout areas , while others still require you working with a clerk or librarian to check out . At the self service kiosk , I scan my library card and then scan the bar code on my book . It 's quite simple and helps the line move more quickly than waiting at the circulation desk . Once it is checkout out , I will get a receipt telling me when the book is due and I am free to go home with my book . I was babysitting my sister at home. She was feeling sick, she would cough and sneeze and her face was red. My mom always said that when someone looked red and coughed and sneezed to give them medicine. I went into the bathroom, opened the cabinet, and took out the pink liquid medicine. I took off the cap and took the little cup it comes on off. I poured the liquid into the cup by following the lines on the cup. One I did that I screwed the cap back on and put it back where I found it. I gave the cup to my sister and she drank it. Once she drank the cup, I rinsed it out and put it away. Then my sister felt a little better, she started to cough and sneeze less. When she started to cough again later I did the same thing as before. It was going to rain, and I did not want to deal with dog in rain, so I decided to walk a dog before it starts to rain. I grabbed an umbrella if by chance it start to rain early. I put the leash on dog and made its collar secure on his neck. I put on tennis shoes and trench coat. I grabbed the leash in my hand and talked to dog, that I am walking him. So he seemed very happy and start to wave his tail. I got out and cross the road to walk him towards park. There was a side walk. When I was walking him, he saw other dogs and start to bark. I made a gesture to him to stop. After a while i decided to sit on bench, which was in dog park. I kept holding a leash and loosened it more for him to be fee for a while to go far distance, so he can mingle with other dogs. In mean while he relieved himself also, ad I was also relieved with that. After few minutes I decided to go back home, as clouds were getting more darker. The Long Awaited Bath I had been outside working in my garden all day . It was warm and humid outside so besides being caked in dirt , I also had sweated a lot and did not smell very good . I wanted to get everything done in one day so I had worked very hard for a very long time . However , when I went inside to clean up , I realized from an automated message in my voice mail that the water had been shut off temporarily for emergency repairs , it would be on again in a few hours . I was frustrated , but I decided that I was hungry as well so I made myself a sandwich and cut up some fruit to eat . I took off my dirty clothes and put them in the hamper and put on a clean t-shirt and shorts and then put down an old blanket on my couch before I sat on it so I would not get it dirty . I watched part of a baseball game until I could not stand my own stench any more . I went to try the water in my bath tub and was extremely glad when it worked . I ran myself a hot bath and put some bubble bath soap in it . I got in and found it very relaxing . I was so glad to finally take a bath , get cleaned up , and relax after a long , hard , productive day .  It's Saturday and its cleaning day in my house. I usually have a busy work week and don't have time to deep clean my house. So I take Saturday of each week to clean my house, in every nook and cranny I clean until it shines. When it comes to cleaning and maintaining my carpet, which I just bought. I take extra care in cleaning it and keeping it clean. I even bought a special vacuum that specializes in vacuuming carpets to look like they are new. When I get to the vacuuming part of my cleaning routine, I take out my vacuum and plug it into the wall. Then I take the vacuum to my carpet and start to vacuum all the area; making sure to not leave any spot. I move the furniture to make sure I vacuum that part of the carpet. I like clean lines and the fresh look vacuuming leaves my carpet so I make sure no to step over what I freshly vacuumed. Then I continue to vacuum all of my house, until all of the carpet in my house is vacuumed. We had finally moved into our new house. After years of living in apartments where we were not allowed to pain the walls, we had bought a house. That meant that I could paint the walls any color I wanted. We decided to start in the living room. We had picked out a cool gray color for the wall. We began by taping off the window sills and light switches that we did not want to get any paint on. After we were done with that we got our rollers and mixed the paint. My husband poured some paint for me and handed me a roller. I painted the large areas of the wall with the roller, being sure to go in many different directions. My husband was working a little bit ahead of me to get the areas around where we had taped off with a small brush. Pretty soon we had the whole wall painted a very pretty gray. My friends and I were on a road trip.  There were three of us in the car, and we were all feeling hungry.  One of my friends wanted to get drive-through, one of my friends wanted to go out to a nicer restaurant and sit down.  I did not have very much money, and I knew that my friends did not have very much money either.  I suggested that we go to a fast food restaurant and eat the food inside.  We all agreed on that.  We went to a hamburger stand on the side of the road.  We went inside and looked at the menu.  We all decide to get the special of the day, which was a bacon hamburger with fries and a milkshake.  I had a chocolate milkshake, but both of my friends ordered strawberry.  I paid for the meal at the counter, and we waited for our order.  We got our milkshakes first, and then we got our food.  We ate and drank very fast at the table! The other day I rented the movie "Trolls" from Redbox.  First I went online and searched Redbox.com for a location which had the movie.  Then I drove to the site and   used the machine to select the movie to rent.  When I had selected the movie I used my debit card to pay the rental fee.  I took the movie home and put it in our DVD player and watched it with my family.  We watched it twice.  The next day I returned the movie to a Redbox machine on my way to work.  You can return a movie you rented from Redbox to any machine.  I selected return from the menu and inserted the DVD following the instructions.  It is important to face the CD the correct direction so the machine can read what it is.  I made sure the machine confirmed the DVD had been returned before leaving. Yesterday I had to mail a letter to my friend in Venezuela. After I had written the letter I got an envelope out of the big drawer in my desk. I folded the letter into a neat rectangle so that it would fit into the envelope, then I slipped it into the envelope and turned it around to seal it up. I licked the glue on the top flap to moisten it up, then I sealed up the envelope and turned it back over to write my friend's address on it. I wrote the address on the envelope using a pen that always sits nearby on my desk, then I wrote my address above that so the letter could be returned to me in case it could not be delivered. After my letter was all ready to mail, I took it down to the mailbox on the corner and dropped it inside. I lifted the red flag on the side of the mailbox to let the mailman know that I had a letter to send, then I went home and started my other chores. Last month, when paying my bills, I felt that I had so many payments adding up, but I still felt capable of setting up my bills because I had a pay plan.I am always alerted of my bills via online email and also mail. When I get these alert, I pay the bills right away in their entirety and write them in my checkbook. In this particular experience, I was a little light on cash, but due to my normal pay regiment, I was still able to pay what I needed. I logged onto my banking account online and paid  all of my  bills at one time. Although I had a large amount of bills, this experience was still easy to worked well. I was able to pay all of my bills in their entirely without any late fees and felt that although I had limited funds, the process was still easy. In the early morning of a bright and sunny day, you can hear the soft breathing of baby Frankie in his crib. Its the early morning and his mom is up making her family breakfast. She is watching little Frankie through the baby monitor and is cooking her husbands breakfast as she purees little Frankie's favorite breakfast, which is oatmeal with banana. Just as she stops the blender, she see little Frankie through the monitor awake and ready to call her. She places the breakfasts on the table and heads upstairs to little Frankie's room; where Dad is already holding him to take him downstairs. They head downstairs and Dad seats little Frankie in his high chair. He just started to sit up on his own and he is ready to eat. His face is bright and his chubby cheeks always are smiling. Dad grabs the little spoon and the bowl of Frankie's breakfast and starts making plane noises as he feeds Frankie. Frankie takes one bite of his breakfast and Dad takes a bit of his breakfast, while Mom just watches as she finishes her breakfast. And that's how the morning goes in this family's household. My family and I wanted some pasta for dinner. I decided to make angel hair pasta. There were four people going to eat the noodles, so I read the instruction and took out as much of the dry pasta at the instructions stated. I got a pot out of the cupboard. I filled the pot wit one quart of water, put it on the stove and let it boil. Once it had boiled, I put my noodles in. I needed to let them boil in the water for ten minutes, until they were cooked through. I needed to make the meat sauce. I cut up some onions and bell peppers very small. I put some seasoning on some ground hamburger. I cooked the veggies and then added the meat, breaking it apart while it browned. My pasta was done boiling, so I used a strainer to drain it in the sink. Once mt meat and veggies had cooked, I opened a jar of spaghetti sauce and poured it over the meat. I mixed it all together, added some cheese on top, and had a really great family dinner. Last Saturday we went hiking and that evening we were tired and just wanted to watch a movie. We scrolled through Netflix and couldn't find anything that we agreed on, we checked Hulu and couldn't find anything we agreed on so we went to the local Redbox to see what was available. We looked through box machines and finally found something that I had seen but my boyfriend hadn't, I liked it and wanted to see it again so we decided to rent that. I pushed the button for the movie that we wanted to rent and chose that we wanted the regular DVD and not a Blu-ray. I swiped my credit card and entered by zip code onto the screen. Our movie choice slid out of the machine. We opened the box to make sure it was the correct one and it was. We went home and watched the movie. The next day, I returned to the Redbox and returned the DVD. Yesterday Steve and I ordered a few bushels of crabs for dinner. We placed a lot of news papers over the surface of our glass dining room table before eating, but there was still a really big mess when we were done. I removed the papers first, trying and failing to avoid spilling old spice and crab bits on the floor. I threw the dirty newspapers away and Steve tended to the floor. Then I grabbed an old dish towel and used the edge of my hand and a towel to sweep the solid bits off of the table, into my hands. I did this part twice. Finally, when the table was free of anything big pieces of debris, I grabbed the Windex. I sprayed Windex liberally across the table and then used several paper towels to clean the glass. It took a few sweeps to get all the grease off and rid the glass of streak marks, but once it was done it looked very nice. Each and every six months, I have to visit the dentist, to make sure my teeth are healthy and clean. The last visit, I went in and said "hello" to the receptionist. She checked me in and said the hygienist would be with me shortly. The hygienist is the person you see first, who cleans your teeth with a scraper, flosses them, and sometimes treats them with a pasty substance called fluoride. After the hygienist cleaned my teeth, the dentist came in to see me. He said I had one small cavity, which I normally don't have but ate a lot of sweets the past six months. A cavity can be a little scary, since the dentist goes in with a drill. I was scared it would hurt, but the only thing I felt a little was when the dentist put a needle in my mouth and injected something called Novocaine. After that, it made my mouth go numb, and I didn't feel a thing. Afterwards, I talked funny for a little while, but had healthy and clean teeth again. It was a beautiful Sunday morning and I was ready to go out and play when my parents told me that I had to mow the lawn to help out around the house. I had no idea on how to mow the lawn. My dad showed me that it was very easy to do. First I had to check that the lawn mower had gasoline inside of it. When I checked to see if it has gas I saw that it was very low so my dad helped to put the gas inside the lawn mower. To turn on the lawn mower there was a string that I had to pull and a button I had to push to start the engine. So I pulled and pulled and pulled and then hit the "on" button and I could hear a loud sound coming from the lawn mower. All I had to do now was mow so I went up and down the lawn in long lines from one side to the other side of our yard. After I mowed half of our yard I noticed that the lawn mower bag where all the cut grass goes was full so I had to turn off the lawn mover and get a garbage bag. I moved the cut grass from the lawn mower storage bag into the garbage bag until the storage bag was empty again and I started moving again. Up and down the lawn from one side to the other side. After I was done mowing the lawn I still had to use a rake to clean up the rest of the cut grass that the storage bag didn't collect.  So I raked and raked until all of the cut grass was in a garbage bag.  When I finally finished moving the lawn I was able to go to the park to play with my friends. One fourth of July, my family decided that we were going to have a barbeque.  When I was asked to bring the hot dogs, I made sure that I got the best ones.  I went to the store and found that they were located by all of the meat.  I made sure to get the ones that I knew everyone liked. When the holiday came up, I brought my hot dogs to the party.  We used a barbeque to cook the hot dogs so they were nice and hot.  When the dogs were done, we got out buns and ketchup and mustard to put on them.  Some people put relish on them.  I put a lot of ketchup on mine with just a bit of mustard.  After the hot dogs were in the buns and we sat down, we had a good time munching the hot dogs as we talked about things. Yesterday, my fiancee and I decided we were going to drive down to the big city an hour away, to grab dinner and watch a movie. Twenty minutes into our drive, the gas light came on. We located the nearest gas station with an app on our phones, and set our course towards the gas station. Five minutes later, we arrived at the gas station. I decided to go in and grab a snack and pay for the gas inside. I then came outside and removed my gas cap, and inserted the gas pump into my car. I paid for a full tank which is 32.50 for my car. I started pumping the gas while I listened to the outside music that the gas station was playing. It took around 3 minutes to fill up my car. After I filled up, I put the gas cap back on my car and tightened it. I then washed my windows right before taking off to our destination in the city. Yesterday night my husband cooked us dinner, so I offered to wash the dishes afterwards. First, I gathered all of our plates, utensils, and glasses from the table and walked them over to the sink. I stacked all the dirty dishes up on the counter next to our double sink. Then, I plugged the left side of the sink and turned on the hot water, filling the left side to about half way full as I squeezed in a couple tablespoons worth of dish washing detergent. I placed the dirty dishes into the hot water and grabbed my washing sponge. Using the rough side of the sponge, I selected a plate first, scrubbed it with the sponge, and then rinsed the plate under the tap over the right side of the sink. Once all of the suds were gone, I put the plate in the dish drying rack to dry. I followed these steps with the rest of the dishes moving in order from the plates, to the glasses, and finally the silverware. I let the dishes air dry in the drying rack over night before putting them away in the kitchen cupboards the next morning. Dan's car was running low on fuel, he was lost and couldn't find a gas station in time so his car ran out of gas. he went to his phone so he could find a way to walk to the gas station. His phone said that the gas station was seven miles away, Dan would be walking for a very long time. Good thing he had an extra bottle of water in his car for him to drink. Dan walked and walked wand walked until finally he had reached his destination! Dan had got to the gas station and bought a gas can and a full tank worth of gasoline. He made it very loud and clear that he didn't want to walk all that way back to his car. A truck driver heard him say that he didn't want to walk and thought that Dan really needed some help. The truck driver yelled out to Dan,"Hey, if you need a ride you can get into my truck and ill take you back to your car if you need." Dan replied thank you sir and hopped in his car. When Dan got back to his car he began filling up the gas tank with the fuel that he had bought previously. When he got inside his car he started to drive and continue his journey home. My job decided to do a fund raising for families with low income and no income at all. Everyone came up with the idea to make hot dogs to sell. To make sure everyone spend the same amount of money on the donation sales. We decided to make one hundred hot dogs each. We all agreed that our toppings would be chili, mustard and ketchup. I stayed up half of the night cooking and preparing hot dogs. After making one hundred hot dogs, I discovered that I have left out salt. I made home made chili with no salt. I had to make my chili all over again. The next day which was sales day and the weekend for all the employees. I had one hundred complete hot dogs with toppings, and as  tired and sleepy as I was,  My hot dogs were the first to sold out. We made a different in families lives just by making hot dogs. When I clean house I start by putting away things I've left where they shouldn't be. Coats go in the closet, books go on the shelf, and so on. Then I dust, with an old tee shirt that has holes in it. Next I vacuum, paying special attention to the places where people walk the most. I plump up the chair and sofa cushions, and make the bed if it's not already made. Then I do the bathroom. I do the toilet first, with cleanser and a brush. I clean the outside of it too, with a sponge, and around on the floor as well. I scrub out the sink with a scrubbie, and also the tub if it's a problem. I do the mirror with a blue spray product and paper towels, although I know vinegar and water and newspaper works just as well. If I still have time, I wipe down the kitchen counter and stove, wipe out the microwave and scrub the sink. Someday I will wash my windows. While at school the other day, I saw this girl I'd seen many times before. She was really cute and I'd heard she was really sweet. So I went over and asked if she wanted to go out with me. She agreed and we made arrangements to go on our date on Friday night. On Friday, I got all dressed up, got some money out of my savings account, borrowed the car keys from my mother and headed over to Sabrina's house (The girl's name was Sabrina.) I knocked on the door to her family's house and her father opened the door. I identified myself and he let me in. We talked until Sabrina was ready. Sabrina and I had a very nice date. We had a nice dinner then went to a movie. We held hands during the movie. I paid. I took her home and she gave me a hug outside the door of her family home. I then asked if she'd go out with me again the next night. She agreed. After high school I needed a part-time job to save for college. I applied for several positions, but haven't had any luck. I never give up looking for a part-time job. I met a man one day at the mall. He asked me was I interest in making money. I asked him what kind of job he was referring to. He pulled out a stack of receipts and show me a part of his earnings. After we talk, he told me about a part-time position making a flight reservation. I took interest and begin to applied for the position. Shortly, I was hired for the job. I begin posting ads. I made hundredths of dollars just by making a flight reservation. After making a large sum of money, I begin to share this valuable information with others, making a flight reservation as the information was share with me. I went to the airport to go see my friend in North Carolina. So I drove up and had to go to the gate to go park. I paid my money to go park and went to park. From there I walked up into the airport to figure out where I need to check in. After much confusion, I found the place to check in and walked up. I gave them my boarding pass and they took my bags. From there they weighed them to make sure that they were not over the weight limit for carry on items. After that I went to security. I arrived super early so that I would have plenty of time in the line. I got in line for security and just waited. After getting to the front of the line, I took off my shoes and belt and put those on an x-ray scanner and got scanned myself. I put them back on and went to my flight. Growing up, one of my daily chores was to always make my bed before going to school. This is something that carried over from elementary school, through middle school, and well through high school. Every morning, my dad would wake me up at a specific time. This would always give me enough time to get things done, such as showering, having breakfast, and changing. Making my bed was always the last thing I would do. First, I would take all of the blankets and pillows off of the bed, leaving only the fitted sheet. I would then fix the fitted sheet to where wt evenly covered the whole bed, and tucked it in in the areas where it stuck out. Then, I'd put the normal sheet over it and spread it out evenly to where it looked nice and smooth with no wrinkles. I put the heavy blanket on after this and spread it out evenly. Finally, I'd put the pillows back in their rightful place before heading off to school. Today I woke up and went into my babies room. The fermented smell of poop surrounded the whole area and I started to feel nauseous. It smelled like a nasty one. I picked up my baby, carried her over to the changing table and  began to take off her pajamas. After the pants were off, the smell increased in potency, so I decided to just gut it out and get it done. I took peeled off the straps to the diaper and grabbed her legs, lifting her up and pulling the diaper down. Because it was such a messy poop, I decided to keep her legs suspended in the air with one hand while I reach over to the wipes. After getting the wipes I went through about five of them to clean off all the excess poop. After that, I put the wipes into the diaper and folded it up, and threw it in the trash. Our cat was meowing and rubbing my leg.  I looked at my watch.  It was time to feed the cat.  I went to the refrigerator to see if there was any old food.  There was no food in the fridge, so I opened a new can.  The cat began to get excited as I opened the can.  I took a plate out of the cupboard and started walking to the room where I feed the cat.  The cat walked in my way as if trying to slow me down.  I put the plate on the floor.  I put half of the food from the can onto the plate.  I went back into the kitchen.  I looked around the kitchen for the replaceable lid for the cat food.  It was in the sink.  I washed the lid and put it on the cat food.  I put the remainder of the cat food in the fridge. Laying flooring in a room is something that Dan does every day at his job.  he is very good at contract work, and he helps with homes.  One thing he does a lot are the floors.  he takes floors out that have rotten wood, and rips it out with tools, and it takes time to take out rotten wood.  Once that is up, he lays new wood down in its place, and hammers it down.  He makes it smooth and buffs out any rough edges with a machine that runs across the floor.  Then he takes some polish and seals the floor, to protect the new floor.   Sometimes he has to do this seven or eight times, and it makes the floor protected and shine.  When he is finished, he checks for any cracks or edges that need to be sanded down and repaired.  If there are no mistakes, then he is finished. It was 6:00 on a Friday afternoon and Adam was eager to meet the girl he dreamed of marrying.  Adam spent time getting ready for his first big date with Melissa since they last saw one another in high school.  Melissa was Adams first crush, his first girlfriend.  Ever since the move Melissa's parents made after she graduated, it had been years since the two had seen one another, and tonight over dinner at Vince's Italian Restaurant, the two old friends would get together once again.  "Can you pass me the butter please?" asked Melissa politely.  "Most certainly, and if you don't mind could you trade me for the Parmesan Cheese?" asked Adam.  The two exchanged items and spent the next several hours catching up over the years past.  Adam called for the check after cheesecake for dessert and the car was quickly brought around.  Driving home Melissa and Adam held hands and spent their silence thankfully admiring their time together. Today I spent my afternoon working in the garden. It was a beautiful, sunny day - a perfect day to enjoy being outside. Before I went to the garden, I gathered all the supplies I needed from my garage. I needed gardening gloves, a shovel, a watering can which I filled with water, a bag of soil, fertilizer, and seeds. I then went to the garden and chose a spot to plant my seeds. I had a variety of seeds to choose from, but I decided to try planting basil. I put on the gloves, dug up some dirt using the shovel, placed the seeds in the hole along with the fertilizer, and then placed some fresh soil on top. Once I finished planting the basil seeds, I took my watering can and walked around the garden. I watered all of the flowers in the garden. It was a beautiful day. There are several main areas to clean in the bathroom - the sink, the floor, the toilet, and the shower or bathtub. To clean the sink, either spray a cleaning product directly into the sink, or put some cleaner mixed with water in a bucket. It is a good idea to wear a rubber glove so the cleaning products don't irritate your skin. Using a sponge, wipe or scrub the sink until you can see that it is clean and rinse it with water. To clean the toilet, put toilet cleaner in the bowl and let it soak for a few minutes. Using a toilet brush, scrub the bowl of the toilet until it looks clean and flush the toilet to get rid of the cleaner. Before cleaning the floor, sweep it to get any dirt off the floor. Then, using some cleaning product mixed with water in a bucket, use a sponge to wipe the floor clean. To clean the shower, it can be sprayed with a cleaning product or it can be wiped clean with a sponge and cleaner and then rinsed thoroughly with water. I looked at my alarm clock one night and the screen was blank, so I knew the batteries were probably dead. I picked up the alarm clock and turned it over, looking at the back and bottom for a place where the batteries go. On the bottom of the clock I saw what looked like a little rectangular door with a latch on one side. I pressed the latch in with my finger, and pulled on it. The little rectangular door came off the clock and underneath I saw two batteries. They said AA on them, so I knew they were double A. I went into the kitchen and found some double A batteries in a drawer. I took them back to the clock, and pulled the old batteries out of the clock. I checked inside the clock where the batteries had been and saw a picture of a battery in each spot where the batteries go. I lined up the bumpy end and flat end of each battery with the picture inside the clock when I put the new batteries in. Then I put the little door back on the clock the same way i took it off, by pushing in on the latch and this time pressing it down into place. Last week , I went to Supercuts for a haircut . There were only two people in the waiting area , so I assumed that I would n't have to wait long . However , Supercuts has an option where you can phone in ahead of your arrival and get on the waiting list and apparently several people had done this . After about an hour and a half , I was called back . I sat in a chair and the girl asked me how I wanted my hair cut . I told her that I wanted it cut behind my ears and about two inches off the length all over . She covered me with a plastic sheet up to my neck , took a spray bottle and wet my hair down , combed it through , and began cutting . She started by trimming around my ears so that they were exposed . Next , she took her comb and grabbed a hand full of hair on the top of my head . She combed it straight up with one hand while following the comb with my hair between two fingers of her other hand , stopping about two inches short of the ends . She took her scissors and snipped the top two inches of my hair and then grabbed an adjacent handful of hair and repeated this action . She did this until she had gone over my entire head . During all of this , we chatted about the weather , what kind of food we liked , and some other trivial , but interesting things . Finally , she combed my hair down into the style that I had when I sat down and asked me how it looked . '' `` Great ! '' '' , I replied . She removed the plastic sheet and brushed me off and we headed to the cash register . She rang me up on the register and I swiped my credit card , leaving a tip in the process . We each told the other to '' `` Have a good day '' '' and I headed out the door .  My orange trees had finally finished producing.  The oranges looked so plump and juicy!  I walked outside to the trees with a bag big enough to hold a few of the fruits.  I picked about ten oranges off the trees and put them into the bag.  Then I walked back into the house.  I went into the kitchen and started to peel the rinds off the oranges.  They smelled so good!  I took the fresh oranges and put them into a juicer.  I squeezed as much juice out of the oranges as I was able to.  The juice ran into a clear pitcher.  When I was done, I took the pitcher and poured myself a glass.  It tasted so good and sweet!  I brought the pitcher to the fridge and put it in.  I was sure that the orange juice would taste so much better after it had been chilled! I woke up in the morning and was hungry so I walked into the kitchen and decided to make some breakfast.  I opened the cupboard and pulled out a loaf of wheat bread.  I plugged in the toaster and put two slices of bread into the toaster.  I turned the toaster on and began toasting my bread.  After a few minutes the bread popped up out of the toaster.  I carefully grabbed the toast, making sure I did not burn my fingers.  I put the toast on my plate and slathered butter and homemade strawberry jam onto both slices.  I took my plate to the kitchen table and then went to the refrigerator to grab some orange juice. I took my juice back to the table and I sat down.  I bit into my first slice of toast.  It was nice and toasted, and it tasted wonderful.  My stomach was very happy! This morning on the way to work I noticed that my gas tank was almost empty.  I pulled my car off of the road and into the gas station.  I made sure I pulled in so that the opening to the gas tank was on the same side as the gas pumps.  I turned off my car, got out of it car and inserted my credit card into the slot.  I was asked to enter my zip code to verify I was the owner of the credit card.  After it authorized, I pushed the button for the type of gas that I wanted, regular unleaded.  I unscrewed the cap to my gas tank and inserted the nozzle of the pump into it.  I squeezed the handle to start the flow of gas.  The pump turned off once my tank was full.  I replaced the hose onto the gas pump then screwed the cap back on.  I took my receipt the the gas pump and got back into my car. I started the engine and drove away. On Mother's Day my husband and I decided to visit his mother. We drove to her house, parked the car, and knocked on her front door. She answered the door by opening the door and hugging each one of us. She was very happy to see us. She invited us to sit inside and sit on the couch in the living room. She also brought us each slices of pie to eat. We sat and talked together for several hours. We talked about how the other members of the family were doing and about the things that we had been doing lately. We talked about our jobs and about what was going on in our communities. We even talked about an upcoming family reunion we would all be attending. Eventually, we decided to leave and go back home. We kissed her goodbye and promised to visit again soon. We left her house and returned home. As I was getting ready to go to work one morning, the lightbulb above my head in the bathroom suddenly began to flicker and then with a slight pop, the light went out entirely. I made a quick note in my phone to stop at the hardware store on my way home from work to pick up a lightbulb so I could change it when I got back. As soon as I left work, I turned into our local hardware store to buy a bulb. However, upon entering the store, I realized that I had forgotten to check what kind of lightbulb I needed. I wanted to make sure it would fit so that I wouldn't have to return to the hardware store with a bulb that I wasn't going to use. I took a guess and picked out a lightbulb that I thought looked similar to the one I had in my home. I anxiously drove home hoping that I had bought the correct lightbulb. When I took the burnt out lightbulb out of the fixture, I held it up next to the new one I had bought. It was the exact same! I screwed in my new lightbulb and admired my work in my brightly lit bathroom. You first need to determine whether the diaper needs to be changed. You can Feel it to see if it feels heavy and puffy. That would mean it is wet. If it smells pretty bad, then it is a poopy diaper. You then take the baby to their changing pad, and expose the diaper from under their clothes. You remove the diaper by pulling on the Velcro straps that are holding it in place. You wrap up the dirty diaper so the waste is contained on the inside and you throw it into the bin. You then wipe the baby's tushy and genitals with a wet wipe. After the area has been wiped, you apply a cream or ointment to the baby's behind. You then take out a fresh diaper, and place it under the baby with the portion with Velcro straps under the behind of the baby. Then fold up the other half and attach the Velcro straps to the front. Redress the baby, and you are all set Milk is hard to boil, but it can be necessary to do so if it is raw or if you need to make a recipe like mash potatoes. First you have to take a clean pan and put it on the stove. After pouring milk in it, turn the heat on at medium heat. If the stove is too hot, the milk will burn at the bottom of the pan. While the milk is heating up, it is necessary to keep on eye on it, and steer from time to time in order to avoid cream to form or milk to stick at the bottom of the pan. Unlike water, when milk starts to boil, it foams a lot and will generally overflow the pan if it is not removed from the heat source. Once the milk has boiled, it is necessary to let it cool down a minute or two so you can remove the cream that forms on top of it. A few years ago, my brother and I visited the Holocaust museum in Washington D.C. We entered the building and paid for two tickets. We walked into the exhibit and began to look at the various displays and pictures posted on the walls. There were so many things to look at, including small models and replicas of concentration camps and gas chambers. Among the most memorable displays were pictures drawn by Jewish children, a huge pile of shoes that were removed when Jews were forced into concentration camps, and a model of a train car that was packed full of Jewish Holocaust victims that were forced to leave their homes and journey to camps. Those who were placed in these cars saw little light and were unable to move for many hours or days at a time. Conditions were very dangerous. My brother and I left the museum with a renewed perspective on the awful things that occurred during the Holocaust. When I won a competition, the prize was a couple of tickets to go see a Disney movie in the movie theater.  It took a while to get planned, but we finally saw a movie that both me and my sister wanted to see.  We went online to buy our tickets and reserved seats for us to sit in.  When the movie had half an hour before it was to start, we parked our car and showed our tickets to the person checking tickets.  She told us to go down the hallway to a new theater.  We finally found it and walked in and got a couple of seats that we had reserved.  The movie started and we turned off our cell phones, so they couldn't ring if someone wanted to call us.  The movie was really exciting to watch and we had a lot of different laughs to this movie. I once went to the Theater. We walked inside and bought our tickets to the movie me and my mom and dad wanted to see. I was so happy! I couldn't wait to see the new movie. We bought some popcorn and got our cups of drinks. When we walked into the theater room, it was cold and dark. There were lights all along the walls but they were very dim. We walked to our seats and sat down and waited for the movie to begin. There were lots of commercials for other new movies, but they were boring. When the movie started we had so much fun, we laughed, we cried and we ate popcorn! We really liked visiting the theater and decided that we would visit it more often. I couldn't wait until the next time, it was so nice spending time with my family and having fun with them. This morning I made breakfast for myself. I decided I was in the mood to eat a breakfast sandwich. First, I toasted a whole wheat English muffin. While the English muffin was in the toaster, I heated up a skillet to cook my egg. I put a small amount of butter in the skillet. Once the butter melted, I cracked one egg into the skillet. Once the egg appeared to be almost cooked, I flipped the egg with a spatula and cooked the other side. Then I took the English muffin out of the toaster, spread a thin layer of butter on both sides, and placed the egg on one half. I added one slide of cheddar cheese, along with hot sauce and some salt and pepper. I then placed the other half of the English muffin on top of the egg and cheese to form a sandwich. It was delicious. After coming home from the Red Sox game last night I was really, really hungry.  I looked in my refrigerator and I could not find anything that I wanted to eat.  After opening and closing the refrigerator a number of times I decided that I would order a pizza to be delivered.  I opened a drawer in my kitchen that holds all of my take out menus and I decided to order from a restaurant called Same Old Place.  I ordered a large pizza with sausage and mushroom.  I ordered a large so I would have extra pizza that I could take to work for lunch tomorrow.  Same Old Place delivers really quickly so they were at my door within about thirty minutes.  I was happy to see the delivery man because I was so hungry.  I paid him for the pizza, including a tip and I finally sat down to enjoy my dinner. I had a button on my shirt at the bottom that had fallen off when I used it.  I wanted to replace the button but first, I had to track down a button to replace it with.  I looked in my drawers and found a black button to put on my red shirt.  After that, I tracked down a needle and some thread so that I could actually put the button on my jacket.  I tied the string to the needle and put the needle through my shirt.  After it came through, I ran the needle through a hole in the button.  I put the needle through another hole and back into the shirt.  I did this many different times until the button was secure to my shirt.  I cut on the string off with scissors and tied the ends so that the button could not come loose ever again. I have to clean up my toys. First I get my toy boxes and I put them out in front of me so I can put the toys in easily. Next I fill up one toy box with as much toys as it can hold  Then I fill up another toy box with also as much toys it can hold Now I have all of my toy boxes filled up with toys before I am all done but still I have one more thing left to do be to be done I need to put away all the toy boxes in the correct spot which is my closets corner now I just need to close the closet door and I will be finished. Finally I have finished cleaning up all of my toys. It was hard cleaning up my toys but still I had so much fun cleaning up my toys. I want to go on a vacation to Hawaii. In order to do that I must make a reservation for a flight. In the old days people had to make reservations over the phone, but now with the internet, booking a flight is a much simpler process. I can go online and type directly into google what I'm looking for. I type in the dates I want to travel on and it pulls together all the possible flight options with all the possible airlines. Once I choose the best flight for the price all I have to do is go to the website and click on which flight I want. Then I pick the seats the want. I'm flying with a friend this time so I try to get us seats next to each other. And the final step is paying. I put my credit card information into the form to book the flight. Every Saturday morning, I like to clean my flat.  This morning, I woke up early in the morning and got a pair of gloves, cleaning spray, cleaning brush, and a cleaning cloth.  First, I went around my flat and made sure there was nothing on the floor.  If there are clothes on the floor, I will put them in a hamper.  If there is paper, I will throw it away.  I sprinkled some nice smelling powder on my carpet to make the room smell good.  Then, I vacuumed my carpet.  Next, I decided to tackle the bathroom.  I put on my gloves and sprayed the whole bathroom with the cleaning spray.  I sprayed everything from the bathtub to my sink.  I took my cleaning brush and scrubbed everyplace that had cleaning spray on it.  I took a my cloth that I had and I polished the places that I had scrubbed.  I sprayed my toilet with cleaning spray and scrubbed it with a different brush that I had.  Lastly, I needed to clean my kitchen.  I took the cleaning spray and sprayed the counter tops and my sink.  I scrubbed each area until it was clean.  After I finished, I washed off my rag and brush.  Thankfully, it didn't take me too long to clean my flat.  I had enough time to take care of other errands today. Every Sunday, one of my favorite things to do in the morning is to sit with my coffee and breakfast and read the newspaper. The man who delivers the paper drives by my house very early in the morning, while it is still dark outside, and throws it into my yard. Sometime people train their dogs to go out into the yard in the morning and bring the paper back in to them. I have never been able to get my dog to do that. He just did not understand. So I go out in the yard in the morning and get it. I put on my warm robe over my pajamas and put some simple shoes on. Usually, I just wear my house slippers. Then I walk out on the front porch and look for the paper. Usually it's right there in the yard, very close to my front porch. I walk over, pick it up and bring it in, then I can sit down with it and enjoy my morning. I got my shirt out of the dryer and noticed that one of the buttons was almost all the way off. I took the shirt and the button out of the dryer and laid it on my table. Then I went to my sewing box and found a needle and some thread that matched the shirt. I cut a foot long piece of thread and put it through the needle. I tied both ends together and was ready to sew the button back on. I put the button in the place I wanted, and inserted the needle up through the shirt and one of the holes. I put the needle back down through the hole diagonal from the one I just came through. I brought the needle up through one of the holes I hadn't yet went through, and then back down through the hole diagonal to it. I repeated this process several times until the button was secure. I ended up on the backside of the shirt, and went through a couple of threads to tie it off. I cut the extra thread, put the scissors, and needle up, and was ready to hang up my shirt. Today I decided to do some decorating around my apartment. I had a painting I bought at an art festival that I had not hung up on the wall yet. It is a beautiful still life painting of a bouquet of flowers in a vase. It is very colorful, with shades of purple, pink, blue, yellow, and green. At first, I thought of putting up the painting in the dining room. However, it didn't really seem to compliment the other wall art in the room. Then I thought about putting up the painting in the living room. I thought this looked much better. I chose a spot on the wall above the couch and then hammered a nail into the wall. I took the painting and hung it on this nail and adjusted the sides so that the painting looked straight. The painting looked very nice in my living room. Yesterday I was so excited for my trip to Florida from Boston.  I woke up early to make sure that I was at the airport in plenty of time to check in.  I called a cab and took the cab from my apartment to the airport.  I then walked into the airport and decided to check in using the airport kiosk provided by the airline.  I ran my credit card through the machine and hit the appropriate buttons to check in.  I decided to keep my assigned seats and to check my bag in with the airlines.  When I was finished a tag printed that I attached to my bag, this way I could identify my bag when I arrived in Florida.  I attached the tag to my bag and then I walked over to the security gate.  I went through security and made it to my gate in plenty of time to board the plane to Florida. My husband and I went to the nursery to look at trees . We wanted to plant a tree in the front yard , but we were n't sure what to get yet . We wandered through the nursery and considered a few of our option . We did n't want a large tree , like a pine tree . We did n't want a small tree , like a Japanese maple . We wanted something in-between . When we spoke to one of the workers at the nursery , he suggested that we plant a crabapple . It would have green leaves , and would have white flowers in the spring . We took the tree home in the back of our truck . My husband used our shovel to dig a hole in the ground . It took him some time - you have to dig a pretty big hole when you plant a tree ! Then I helped him carry the tree over to the hole . We had to cut off the plastic bucket it was in . When we were done , we put it in the hole , and I helped by holding the tree steady and pushing dirt into the hole . Once we had filled in all the dirt around the tree , we turned on the sprinklers . We wanted to water the tree and get it off to a good start . We were excited to have a new tree in the front yard .  I was getting ready for work one morning and put on my favorite pair of work pants. The big button at the top was missing. I looked around to see where it might have gone, and found it in the drawer I keep my pants in. I wondered how I could fix my button. I needed to put the button back on the pants and keep it there. I decided that it would be best to sew the button back on. I got out a needle and some strong thread that was the same color as the pants. I carefully put the thread through the small hole in the needle. I then held the button in place on the pants and put the needle through one of the holes in the button. The needle pushed through into the other side of the pants fabric, and I pushed the needle back through the pants into another hole of the button. I did this a few more times, and then tied the thread to the button to keep it on. When I last fed an infant, I remember having a difficult time of first getting them into their high chair. I had to use food to convince them to get into their hit chair, but even once they got into it, I had to seatbelt them in and make sure that they would stay. I then got their food out of the refrigerator and placed it on their table. This was easy, but I also had to make sure the infant ate. He had a difficult time picking up the small foods and I had to serve him the rest with a small spoon.This was a difficult process because he spit up some of it and had a difficult time getting most of it into his mouth. Ultimately, he was able to eat, but it wasn't easy to finish the process. This was a difficult task for me to complete. I received a wedding invitation in the mail. My best friend was getting married in one month. My husband and I replied as requested to let my friend know that we would love to attend. Before the wedding we went shopping and bought nice formal clothes to wear to the wedding. We got a large gift card to a department store for my friend's wedding gift. When we arrived at the wedding there was a table for gifts and we put the envelope with the gift card there. First we sat quietly and watched the wedding ceremony. After the bride and groom were pronounced man and wife everyone clapped and cheered. Then everyone at the wedding had a big dinner. There were drinks, and there was music and dancing. It was a party to celebrate the wedding. My friend made a speech to thank us all and came to me and my husband and thanked us for our gift. A photographer took a lot of pictures. We left very late that night, tired but happy. It was a beautiful wedding and we are glad my friend is married to someone he loves. I got a card in the mail from my dentist informing me that I was due for my six month checkup. I called my dentist and made an appointment. On the day of my appointment, I drove to my dentist's office. I checked in, confirmed my insurance information, and took a seat and waited for my name to be called. A dental hygienist came out and called my name. I followed him to the back of the dentist's office and he showed me to my room. We began by doing a quick examination of all of my teeth, and he did a small cleaning of them before I was going to be seen by my dentist. He told me that I was due for some x-rays, so we quickly did those before my dentist came in. My dentist entered the room and began looking at my teeth. She informed me that everything looked great and that I should keep cleaning my teeth the way I had been. We finished up the appointment and I left my dentist with a new toothbrush and some dental floss. I'm writing a letter to my grandfather, who lives in another part of the country. When writing a letter, whether it is a physical letter or an email, the first thing to do is address the person you're talking to. I write "Dear Grandfather", and then I start writing the body of my letter. I write to him about what I've been up to, and about how I wish we could see each other again. It's very important to use your best writing skills when making a letter, because letters are a very intimate way of keeping in touch with others. Once I'm done writing the letter, I sign it with my name so my grandfather can know it was from me. I wrote a physical letter, so then I need to put it an envelope, address it, and stamp it with postage. All I need to do now is put it in a post box, and wait for Grandpa to mail me back! I have a pen pal in Egypt. I write to her every Saturday whether I've received a letter from her recently or not. Snail mail from Cairo to New Orleans can be iffy, so it's important that we both write regularly so we can occasionally get mail from our sporadic at best mail service. I sit at a desk in my living room, the sun streaming in. I like to write the letter long hand. I use a pen and a sheet of notebook paper. I start the letter Dear Pen Pal. I fill my pal in on my life. My new girlfriend. How her cat and I are getting along. The new couch we've bought. And I ask her details about her life and how things are in Egypt. I sign the letter love, my name. Because  I do love her in a pen pal sort of way. Then I put the letter in an envelope and send it on it's way. I look around at the wall in my house, and think it is a little empty. I remember that I have a painting in the attic that would look very good on this wall, and bring the painting down from the attic. I think of how the painting would hang on the wall, thinking of different ways it could hang. I think of hanging wire on the pack of the painting's frame to hang on a nail in the wall. This would be a good way to hang the painting, but I do not have any wire. I think of another way to hang it. I remember that I also have some sticky tape I could use, but realize the tape would not be strong enough. I do have some Velcro, which would work well instead of wire and a nail. I attach the Velcro to the back of the painting's frame and also on the wall, and press the painting against the Velcro while making sure the painting stays level. Today I decided it was a good day to make orange juice so I went to the grocery store. When I went to the store I got the biggest and freshest oranges I could find to make sure I could make the sweetest juice. After I got back home I went to the kitchen and got my knife, cutting board, and juicer out. I cut the oranges into slices and put the slices on the top of the juicer. I squeezed the slices as hard as I could so all the juice got in my glass. After I got all the juice I could, I cleaned up the counter and put my big pitcher into the fridge to chill. After it set in the cold air for a little while I  pored a big glass and took a long sip; It was so refreshing and cold it was the perfect idea. The man opened the bathroom door and turned on the light. He closed the door behind him and locked it. He then pulled back the shower curtain a bit from the front end of the bathtub. He reached in and turned on the hot water. He put his hand under the running water and felt it until it grew hot. He then turned on the cold water knob and adjusted it until the water felt like a comfortable temperature. Happy with the temperature, he pulled up the knob on the faucet to start the shower. He stepped back quickly to make sure he did not get went. The man then quickly removed his shirt, socks, pant and underwear. He held back the curtain and stepped into the shower, closing the curtain behind him. He grabbed the soap soaped his body. A washcloth was rubbed over the soapy skin and then the skin was rinsed under the running water. He cleaned his entire body and soaped his hair. He rinsed his hair until the soap was gone and turned off the water. To sew a button on a piece of clothing, you will need a needle and thread. Some people also use a thimble to prevent being pricked by the needle and to help push the needle through the clothing. You can choose to match the color of the thread to the button, the clothing, or neither one. First, measure the amount the thread that you think you will need. About 6 inches of thread is probably enough to sew a button. Put one end of the thread through the eye of the needle and pull it through about halfway. Then, tie the two ends of the thread together in a knot. Place the button on the clothing where you want it to be attached. Start by pushing the needle through the back of the clothing and though a buttonhole so that the knot doesn't show. Pull the thread all the way through. Then, push the needle down through the other buttonhole so that the button is secured. Repeat these steps several more times until you think the button is tight and won't become loose. When I wake up in the morning, I get dressed in my pants, bra, and t-shirt. Then I slip on my shoes. I unlock the door and turn the handle. Then I walk out my front door. I walk a few steps on my porch and bend down at the paper laying on my porch. I pick it up. Then I bring it inside the house. I shut the door behind me, then I lock it again. I walk over to my kitchen table with my newspaper in hand. I pull off the plastic. I pull off the rubber band. Then I separate the paper into the sections I want to read. I start with the front page, laying the rest down in a pile on the table. When I'm done with that, I move to the World News. Then I move on to the Lifestyle section, sitting down the finished portion in another pile. I sip the warm tea my husband sits on the table next to me. Then I move on to the Sports section. When I'm done, I recycle my paper in a special bin I have for paper. Over the weekend, I rented Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone from Redbox. A friend of mine had never seen it, so we had planned on watching the whole series in one night but realized how massive of an undertaking that would be so we opted to just watch the first movie. We brought the DVD home, popped it into my Xbox, and sat down on the couch to watch the movie. We watched the whole movie and enjoyed it. After the movie was over and the credits had rolled, I took the DVD out of the Xbox and put it safely back into its case. The next day, I drove back to the Redbox that I had rented the movie from. I went through the instructions on the screen and put the movie into the return slot. Finally, I walked back to my car and went home for the day. I went to water park, and I think I became sick from pool water. I took it easy in beginning but 2 days later, my throat felt very bad ans swollen. I did not want my kids to get sick, so I decided to visit a doctor. My family doctor is not much far , so I called office to make an appointment, and fortunately someone canceled an appointment that morning so I got spot at 10:30 am. I was relieved because I was feeling very very sick, and needed antibiotic very badly. I barely got ready and drove to office, I was shivering in office. I told front desk to make as quick as possible, so they saw my condition and understood my situation so they called me in immediately. I sat in room, and they checked my blood pressure and fever. I was running 102 fever. So she asked doctor to if I can have fever medicine . Then, doctor came in and checked my throat, and prescribed antibiotics and fever medicine. He asked me to draw some blood on safe side. I did that too. He asked me if I have any more complain. I was so tired to answer anything else, just wanted to go home. In September 2012 , I rode and flew in an airplane on my way back home from my parents ' country of birth , the Philippines . I rode two different planes , but this one will be about the second one , the trip on the way back to the United States . I was in Narita International Airport and boarding my second flight . I forgot which airline it was . But like one would normally do , I waited in line , showed the boarding attendant my ticket and passport , and headed to the tunnel connecting the building and the plane . As I headed for my seat , I tried looking at the seat numbers on the compartments above them . I found mine , and opened the compartment to put my carry-on in . I sat down and tried to make myself comfortable . In about 15 minutes , we were ready for take-off . The flight attendant made some announcements , and we were set . I was seated by the window , as I always do . I love sitting by the window . The view is awe-inspiring when you ' re that high . I decided to open up a fresh set of earphones and browsed the media player in front of me , and watched Avengers . My viewing was interrupted when dinner was being served . I love airport food as well , for the most part . It ' s not always the best , but most of the time I like it . After eating , I finished the movie and fell asleep . For the rest of the flight , I saw clouds , sunshine , and other planes , and by nighttime , we landed in New York , at the JFK International airport . It was a great flight . Yesterday was my sisters birthday so I decided to bake a cake for her . I looked up the recipe for a chocolate cake in my cooking book . Chocolate cake is my sisters favorite kind of cake . I looked at the list of ingredients and checked my cupboards to make sure I had them all . I did . I preheated the oven as instructed by the recipe . I weighed the ingredients with the weighing scales . I cracked two eggs into the mixing bowl . I then poured the rest of the ingredients into the bowl . I mixed the ingredients for 5 minutes with an electric mixer . I poured the mixed ingredients into a cake tin and placed it in the oven . After 20 minutes the cake was finished and I removed it from the oven . I let it cool down for a few minutes while I made some icing . I poured the icing over the cooled down cake and decorated the cake with some edible glitter . This morning I woke up and went downstairs to start my morning routine. I wanted to make a pot of coffee. I added water to the machine and filled it up to about the 8 cup mark. Next I grabbed a coffee filter from the cabinet and the tin of ground coffee. I placed the filter in the machine and added 4 scoops of ground coffee to the filter. I closed the filter reservoir and started the machine. The coffee began to brew and drip into the pot. I waited around 15 minutes for it to finish brewing and I got out my favorite coffee mug and poured a cup. I added a spoonful of sugar and a splash of milk and slowly sipped on the coffee to make sure it was the way I wanted it. It was perfect! I made sure to take the filter out filled with the coffee grounds and thew it away. I then sat down to enjoy my coffee. It is Saturday morning, and Bobby has just woken up out of bed. His mom comes up to his room and asks Bobby where is his pile of dirty clothes are. He points to the basket of dirty clothes, and his mom grabs the basket and walks over to the laundry room. His mom dumps the dirty clothes into the washer machine. She grabs one scoop of powdery laundry detergent and throws it into the washer machine in order to make the clothes smell delightful. She then closes the washer machine, and uses the dials on the washer machine to include how much water she wants the washer machine to use, as well using hot or cold water. She decides she wants to wash the clothes in hot water to make sure all the dirt and gross stuff comes off the clothes. After she is done with adjusting the settings, she clicks start, and goes on her way to cook and clean while she waits for the washer to finish. I walked into the kitchen and heard the dishwasher chime, this was to let me know that the dishwasher was finished and it was time to unload it now! So, I opened the dishwasher, and let the door fall all the way down. I started on the top rack and took out all of the glasses and all of the bowls and placed them in the cabinets, where they were suppose to go. After that I slid the top rack back in where it goes and slid out the bottom rack. I unloaded all of the plates, all of the cookers and skillets and pots and pans and I placed them in the cabinets where they went. When I was finished with that, I took all of the silverware out of the container that was holding it. I placed all of the knives and spoons and forks and spatulas and large spoons in the silverware drawer where they belonged. I checked each dish as I went to be sure that they were clean, if they were not I put them back into the dishwasher to be washed again. Once the dishwasher was unloaded, and only dirty dishes remained inside, I closed the door to the dishwasher and left the kitchen. Unloading the dishwasher probably isn't the most fun thing in the world to do but it only takes a few minutes, and someone has to do it, right! I am all done with work today and want to have fun until it is bed time. I don't know a lot of people, so I think about meeting some new ones. I want to make a friend that will be very special to me, someone that I can live with and spend a lot of time with. This kind of friend is the same kind that your mom thinks of your dad. I think about people I know that I would like to become good friends with, and a friendly girl I work with comes to mind. I call her and ask her if she would like to go out on a date. Dates are good to get to know someone, and you might find that you love that person. We decide to go out on a date together, and I pick a good place to go and start to get ready. You want to look good on your date, so I pick out nice clothes to wear. You want to be clean too, so I take a shower and make sure I smell nice. I drive over to where my friend lives and pick her up in my car, and we go out to dinner together on our date. Jerry accidentally spilled a pitcher of milk onto the floor, and it has made a mess.  His father asks him to please help clean it up off the floor.  So, Jerry gets up and apologizes.  He moves to the kitchen , grabs the mop and bucket, and fills the bucket with water and soap.  He comes back out, mops the floor and soaks up all the milk with the mop.  After all the milk is cleaned up and the floor is left with nothing on it, he carries the bucket back into the kitchen.  He pours the bucket of dirty water out into the sink, and makes sure the mop is wrung out properly.  He puts the mop away, and brings some paper towels to dry the floor from any extra water that is remaining on the floor.  In this way, no one can fall on the floor and hurt themselves. Cleaning the bathroom is a job I do one time every week. There are many things to clean. First I like to clean the bath tub. I scrub the bath tub with bathtub cleaner using a sponge. Then I pour water on the inside of the bath tub to rinse it off. Next I clean the toilet. I pour toilet cleaner into the bowl and use a brush to clean all around the inside of the bowl. Then I use a rag and use a bleach type cleaner to wipe all around the outside of the toilet. Sometimes I have to use two towels because the second towel will get anything the first towel did not pick up. Next I clean the bathroom sink. I also use  the bleach cleaner to clean the sink and sink counter. Then I clean the mirror. Finally I sweep the floor and mop it. Jane wanted to wrap her Christmas gifts that she went out and bought for her children. Unfortunately, she had forgotten the wrapping paper at the store so Jane went to her car and traveled to the Christmas R Us. She got her favorite paper, it had little bunnies all over it and cute little pictures of Santa Claus on the paper. She paid for the paper and went home. as soon as she got home she started wrapping presets as fast as her arms and hands could go. Jane had got her son a PlayStation four, it has a slant shape to it so it was difficult for her to wrap it up, but she figured it out in no time and she quietly layer the gifts under the Christmas tree so the children would not notice that she put them there. The next morning all the children opened their gifts and were so happy that they all gave Jane a big hug. When I bought my new house I was very excited to discover that there were two koi ponds in the back yard.  Koi fish look like big goldfish and they usually live outside in home made ponds.  The person who sold me the house educated me on what kind of food to buy for the fish.  Once I had purchased the proper food I decided to feed the fish.  I measured out the appropriate amount for 6 fish and I walked down to the pond.  I only put a little of the food in at first which is what I had learned is the best way to feed the fish.  After the fish ate the little bit of food that I had given them I added a little bit more.  I kept doing this until all of the food had been eaten.  I am looking forward to feeding the fish again tomorrow. I usually get a haircut every few months to maintain . I choose a day where I have time to relax and will reserve an appointment at my favorite salon and with my favorite stylist to get my haircut . I arrive at my salon and was greeted nicely . I hang my jacket in their closet . I start my getting a hair wash . I sit and relax as they massage and wash my hair with very fragrant shampoos and conditioners . After the hair wash I go sit in the chair of my favorite stylist . He greets me with a smile and asks me what kind of haircut would I like this time and I had said just a trim . He blows my hair dry first and cuts my hair nicely as always and then ends it by styling it with some hair product . I pay the cashier and tip my stylist well . I leave the salon with nice salon hair .  I ordered a pizza, my usual Thursday night routine, from Racanelli's pizza, a local pizzeria that cooks real, Italian-style Pizza. My guy Robby answered the call. "Hey Robby my man. Good to hear you, I'd like to make an order!" "Hi, what can I get for you?" "Yes, I'll take what I usually get" "Sure, it'll be ready in 10 minutes. See you here!" "See you." The usual pizza I always ordered was the 12 inch personal pizza, with mushrooms, onion, extra sauce, and spinach. Robby always pushed back all orders to make my pizza first, so it would only take 10 minutes. When I had first started ordering pizza, it took up to 20 minutes. I put down my phone and began the drive to Racanelli's, which would only take 5 minutes to get there. I would be excited to not only pick up my pizza, but also see Robby in person and strike a conversation with him during the 5 minute wait. Everyday when I eat dinner myself, I also feed my cat. My cat usually just eats dry cat food, but sometimes I feed her moist canned cat food. Whichever it is that I am feeding my cat that day I go ahead and get out from the cabinet. I also get her food and water bowls out of the closet where I keep them so she does not get sick from drinking too much water too fast. I usually fill her water bowl first and go ahead and put that down because I figure I would not want to eat without having a drink right there and available to me. After that I add either the dry or can food to her food bowl and put it down on her eating mat for her to go ahead and consume. I then clean up any mess that I have made and watch her enjoy her dinner. One day we decided to go camping.  First, we packed all of the food that we would need to have to eat.  We packed granola bars, chips, and sandwiches.  Next, we packed our clothes in our bags.  Then we got into the car and went camping.  We drove to the camping site and set up our tent.  Then we put our sleeping bags in the tent.  It was getting dark, so we decided to start a fire.  We became warm and also roasted some marsh mellows, and made some smores.  Then it was getting late so we all went to sleep.  The next day we went on a hike in the woods and walked around the whole day.  It was really fun.  Then we were getting hungry so we ate our food.  After that we set up another fire and told scary stories.  Then we got back in our car and packed everything up and went home. Today I had a doctors appointment. I woke up early, brushed my teeth and then got dressed. I walked downstairs and ate my breakfast quickly. I wasn't nervous to go to the doctor, this was just a well check. I got into my car and was on my way. It only took 10 minutes to get to my destination. When I walked into the Dr's office, I signed in and took a seat near the window. I watched small children playing with each other and laughing, while in the waiting room. The nurse finally called me back. I started with the nurse taking my weight and height. She then took a few more things such as blood pressure and my temperature. Once we were done with that, she led me to my room to see the Dr. Once he arrived, he asked me a few questions about my overall health. He took a few tests and looked me over. He said that everything seemed just fine. I left shortly after. Got into my car and drove back home. My visit was good. I'm taking care of a baby, and when she makes a mess in her diaper, it's up to me to change it. The very first thing to do is to get the dirty diaper off. I put the baby down on a flat surface and undo the diaper, carefully taking it off so I don't make a mess. Once it's off, it goes right in the trash can. When that's done, I clean up the baby using some wet towelettes, making sure to get her completely clean. If I don't clean the baby good enough, she could get a painful diaper rash! Once she's clean, I powder her with baby powder to make sure she stays dry and doesn't get a rash. Once she's all clean and powdered, I get out a fresh diaper and put it on her. I put it on by wrapping it around her hips, and tape it up so it's nice and secure. Now the baby's clean and happy! When I make millecosedde soup I use many, many vegetables. First I rinse white beans and soak them overnight. The next day, I chop. I use a whole onion, two carrots, two celery stalks, maybe a pound mushrooms, and half a head of red cabbage. I rinse the vegetables, except the onion, and scrub them with a vegetable brush. Then I lay them out on the counter next to my cutting board. I do the onion first, because it can be unpleasant. I peel it, then slice down through the stem end, to make slices that don't go all the way to the root. then I rotate the onion, and cut in the other direction. Then I set the onion on the cutting board and cut it into squares. I peel the carrots, cut them into strips, and cut the strips into squares. I top the celery stalks and cut them into squares too. While I cook those vegetables in oil, I slice the cabbage into flat pieces, and cut each mushroom in half. I put them in with the other vegetables, then drain the soaking water out of the beans and put them in too. I add about nine cups of water, and a few hours later, it's soup! One day I was changing bed sheets. The sheets were very hard to change. Try as I may, I just could not fold them. That is when I called my friend Ramona to come over. Ramona helped me untangle my sheets. She helped me put them on too! Ramona is the best, and helps make changing bed sheets a breeze! After I changed the bed sheets, I planned on getting a plan of the future in picture. I made sure to think of the next time I was going to changed the bed sheets. How can I do things better? How can I do things more effectively? What if Ramona isn't around next time to help out? Will I be able to do it on my own? Many questions were circling in my head. I just could not for the life of me figure out any answers to any of them. My girlfriend and I rented an apartment together so we could live closer to work. The walls were dirty so we asked the landlord if we could paint it. He said that we could so the next day we went to a supply store and bought a can of blue paint. We laid down some tarps on the floor and taped the edges so that paint would not get on things we did not want it on. We also bought some paint rollers and pans to get the job done. After putting on some clothes we did not care about, we started to paint the walls. It took a long time and we opened the windows to let the paint fumes out. It was fairly fun as I enjoy spending time with my girlfriend. Once we finished the room looked so much better. We were very proud of ourselves and cleaned up the mess we left behind. I had a job interview the other day so that I could work somewhere.  After I got home from the meeting, I got out a couple of thank you letters that I could write a really personal letter to each person that I had talked to in my interview.  After I wrote the letter, I found some envelopes to put it in.  After putting the letter in, I put a stamp on it so that the mail box would go and deliver it.  I wrote the address of the people.  The mailman came and picked it up from the mailbox in my apartment complex.  After it was mailed, I had a code from the stamp that I could check out to see if the letter got where it needed to.  The letter got to the people I sent it to just fine and this was all thanks to mailing the letter in the mailbox with a stamp on it. Last night I ordered Pizza from Pizza Hut.  Rather than calling the restaurant, I decided to order on-line.  I went to PizzaHut.com and selected the location nearest me.  I browsed though the menu and ordered the pizzas with the toppings and crusts I wanted.  Then I went to check out and confirmed my order, and my delivery address.  I was told the pizza would arrive in about 30 minutes.  While I waited for the pizza I checked my wallet to make sure I had enough cash to pay for the pizza and a tip for the driver.  Sure enough, twenty-nine minutes after I placed the order, my doorbell rang.  I answered the door and there was a young lady with my pizzas.  I paid her for the pizzas and gave her a nice tip too.  We  brought the pizza into the house and placed it on the table.  We all enjoyed eating the pizza. My boyfriend and I decided that we wanted to have some friends over and host a barbecue. We picked a date and sent out invites on Facebook. We decided that we would provide hot dogs and burgers and asked everyone else to sign up for sides and drinks. Several days before the barbecue we went to the grocery store and bought hot dogs, ready made burger patties, cheese, buns and condiments. I also picked up a bag of ice and plastic plates, cups and utensils. The day of the barbecue we set up some folding tables outside and got gas for the grill. I dumped ice into a tub and put in some cans of soda and bottles of beer that we had. When people started arriving we cooked the meat. We had a great turnout and our friends brought delicious sides and desserts to share with everyone. We started a fire in the fire pit and everyone hung out chatting until late in the evening. I wanted to go on vacation and visit Alaska, but it was too far to drive. I decided to fly there instead. First I needed to figure out what day I wanted to leave, and what day I would need to return. I went onto the internet to an airline website. I checked to see if the airline flew from the airport near my home to Alaska. Then I entered the day I wanted to leave and the day I wanted to return. The website showed all of the flights I could take, what time they left the airport and what time they arrived at their destination. I found a flight that would depart the airport near my home in the early morning.  I would switch planes once, and then get to Alaska by early evening. The trip home worked the same way, but in reverse. There were first class and economy seats available on the flight. I decided to book a seat on the flight. I selected the flight and chose an economy class seat to save some money. The website asked for my credit card number to pay for the ticket. I entered the information and printed out the boarding pass. I was very excited to be going on vacation! I wash dishes every day, three times a day. When I wash dishes, I go to the kitchen sink and put the drain plug in the drain hole on the left side to keep the water from going down the drain. I then turn on the faucet to fill the sink with water. I turn the faucet so that I have pretty hot water coming out. As the water starts to fill the sink, I put in some dish detergent that I have in a plastic bottle. I squeeze out about a quarter's size of detergent. I swish the detergent in the sink to help it dissolve and get foamy and sudsy. After the sink is mostly full, I put all the dishes that are dirty in the sink. I start to wash and clean the dishes with a kitchen sponge. I wipe each dish, one by one, until it is completely clean. Then I place it on the right side of the sink that is empty. I continue this way until all the dishes are cleaned. Then I pull out the plug and let the sudsy water go down the drain. After I do this, I start to rinse all the soapy dishes with cool water from the faucet until they don't have any suds on them anymore. As I rinse each one, I put them into a dish drainer that is right next to the sink. That way they can dry and be used again. My son woke up one morning very sick.  He was coughing and sneezing and was all around very miserable.  I knew I had to take him in to see his doctor.  I called the doctor's office and we made an appointment.  Later that morning, we were seeing the doctor and she told us he was sick.  She decided to order a prescription for him to help him feel better.  She told us she would call the pharmacy and we could go get it later.  We drove to the pharmacy and picked up the medicine and then went straight home.  When we got home, I took the medicine out of the bag and read the instructions.  I carefully measured out his dosage, careful not to give him too much.  Then I had him take the medicine.  I was careful to note the time he took it so I wouldn't miss his next dose. It is time for me to get my haircut . I call my hairdresser and make an appointment . She says she can see me today at 3:00 pm . I leave the house at 2:30 in order to get there in time . When I arrive I check in and sit down in the waiting area . My hairdresser calls me back . She first takes me to the shampoo bowl to wash my hair . I sit down and she puts a plastic cape around my neck to protect my clothes . She leans the seat back and places my head over the shampoo bowl . She wets my hair and then lathers it with soap . Then she rinses the soap out and puts in conditioner . She rinses the conditioner out and then wraps a towel around my head . She leans my seat back up and dries my hair with the towel . She then leads me to her barber chair to sit . She combs my hair and begins cutting . She cuts the top , sides and back . I keep my head very still while she does this . After she is through cutting my hair she dries it with a blow-dryer . The she removes the plastic cape from around my neck and uses a soft brush to brush any look hair from my neck and face . Next we go to the cash register and I pay her for my haircut plus a tip .  When I realized my mom needed some medicine, first I asked "which kind?" My mom told me to get her the cough syrup. So I went into the bathroom and looked in the medicine cabinet. A bottle of cough syrup was sitting on a shelf inside, so I grabbed it and brought it back to my mom. I read the instructions, and they said to take two tablespoons every four hours. There was a little measuring cup sitting on the cap of the bottle, and it had a line marked "2Tbsp." I knew that meant two tablespoons, so I opened the bottle and poured syrup into the cup until it reached the line.  I put the cap back on the bottle and I handed the cup of syrup to my mom, watched as she drank the syrup, and took the cup back from her. I rinsed out the cup with water, put it back over the cap on the bottle, and put the medicine back in the medicine cabinet. Yesterday, I had to call 911 because I forgot to turn the heat off when boiling pasta water. I went upstairs to take a shower while boiling the water, and when I got out of the shower, the whole kitchen was smoking and there was a small fire on the stove top. I was very scared and worried that my oversight would cause my whole house to burn down. I immediately reached for my cell phone, which was on the kitchen counter. I hit the numbers 9-1-1 onto the dial pad. When the dispatcher answered, I immediately told him that my kitchen was full of smoke and that there were flames on my stove top. The dispatcher said that he would send help over immediately. I thanked him and hung up the phone. Moments later, a firetruck and two police officers were knocking at my door. I let them in and the firemen put out the fire. I woke up from sleep at about 8:00 and got out of bed. I had to put the pillows and sheets back in order to leave my bedroom neat. First, I looked to see if I left any thing like hair clips or my eyeglasses buried in the blankets. Sometimes I leave items like that accidentally. Second, I stretched out my bed sheet over the mattress. I went to all four corners of the bed to tug at the sheet, making sure it hung down over the bed evenly at all four corners. Then I put my two pillows side by side at the top of my bed. Finally I threw the heavy duvet over the entire bed. As with the sheet, I went to all four corners of the bed to tug at the duvet, making sure it hung down evenly at all four corners. I was so glad that I was done making my bed. The baby is crying and it is almost lunch time so mom decides to get baby food read. Mom looks at the selection of baby food jars in the cabinet and chooses macaroni and cheese. Dad pulls out the formula from the refrigerator and mixes a bottle. The bottle is warmed up in water on the stove. Mom puts their baby into his high chair at the table. Mom also puts a bib on him so his clothes will be protected from any spilled food. Mom takes the tiny rubber spoon for feeding the baby out of the drawer and opens the baby food jar. Dad brings the bottle over and checks to make sure it is not too hot by putting a drop on his wrist. Mom gives the baby small bites of food then helps the baby drink from his bottle. When the baby is finished eating mom picks him up and pats his back to help him burp. I was outside playing ball with my son when he told me he was hungry. We headed inside to look for what he would like to eat. His choices were macaroni and cheese, chicken, a ham sandwich or a hot dog. He was excited to choose a hot dog. He wanted to help prepare the hot dog lunch. First, we took out a pack of hot dogs. Next, we started a pot of water on the stove and set it to high. We cut the hot dog pouch open and placed 2 hot dogs into the water. We let them boil while we gathered the other items. We got a plate and put 2 hot dog buns on it. He put a squirt of ketchup down each one. We took the hot dogs out of the water with a fork, being careful. He placed one on each bun. He chose a pickle as his side item. And his lunch was served! As the smell of rotten Chinese food and low tide washed over me; I knew the time had come. The first poop of the day. I turned to my wife and asked "what did you feed her yesterday?" She said " All kinds of good stuff, and either way; it's your turn to change her. I did it all day yesterday and the day before."  I groaned and complied. I picked our precious little stinky up and laid her on the couch while my wife spread out a changing blanket underneath her, and brought over a fresh diaper and box of baby butt wipes. Holding my breath I opened the front straps of the diaper and attempted to fold the diaper shut while wiping front to back with my right hand while holding her butt up by her feet in my left hand. I set the diaper on the floor, grabbed some wipes and wiped her clean from front to back using only 3 wipes. I set her down and slide the back of a fresh diaper underneath her bum, folded the front over her and velcroed those straps on. I rolled up the dirty diaper strapped it shut and tossed it into the diaper genie. I put her clothes back on and she was all set to crawl around and chase the cat some more. Yesterday, my younger cousin Katelyn was sick. Katelyn, my aunt, and my uncle were all visiting our house from out of town, but my aunt and uncle were out running errands when Katelyn started to get a fever. I noticed that her forehead felt warm, which made sense since she was acting somewhat cranky. I decided that I needed to get Katelyn some medicine. So, I went to our medicine cupboard, which is in our bathroom. I picked out some children's medicine that helps reduce fever symptoms. I looked at the instructions on the bottle. Katelyn is still pretty young in age, so I didn't want to give her too much medication. The instructions said that a teaspoon of the medication would be enough. I called Katelyn over, poured some of the medicine out into a measuring spoon, and fed it to her. She didn't like the taste, so I gave her a glass of water to wash it down afterward. She started feeling better the next day, thanks to the medicine! I find doing laundry is relatively easy work. You just have to keep up. Every day I go around and collect all of the dirty clothes from the bedrooms and bathrooms and pile it all up outside the laundry closet (it isn't big enough to be called a laundry room.) I separate the clothes into their various loads; underwear all goes into one pile, towels and wash rags go into another piles, jeans go into yet another pile and all the shirts go into another pile. I do the machine according to the directions on the machine. I turn it on and let it start filling with water. I wait  until the entire bottom is filled with water then I pour in the proper amount of detergent. Only then do I start loading in the clothes. I usually do it one article of clothing at a time, moving around the drum so the load stays balanced. Once it's full, I simply close the door and let it run. It does all the work. When it stops, you take the clothes out and move them to the dryer. I was going to have my sister over for dinner so I made a point to make sure the house was clean, especially the kitchen.  I cleared off the table, removing the placemats and centerpiece.  Then, I took out the cleaning products and sprayed the table.  I took a rag and polished the table so it was nice and shiny.  I did such a good job, the table looked brand new.  Once the table was nice and clean, I put on a table runner that my mother had made.  It was made of white lace.  Then, I set the table with two place settings; one for me and one for my sister.  I put down two dinner plates, a bread plate, silverware and two wine glasses.  I put a beautiful bouquet of red roses in the center of the table to truly finish off the look.  My table looked absolutely perfect and inviting. Yesterday we needed several items from the grocery store.  I wanted to be sure I bought all the items that I needed, so I decided to make a list.  I got a pencil and paper and wrote down all the items I remembered that I needed.  Then I checked the cupboards and refrigerator to see if I had left off any items.  When I had all the items on my list, I took it with me to the grocery store.  As I shopped for the items, I checked each one of my list when I put it in my cart.  Since the store was new to me, I did not know where all of the items were, so I used the store's directory to find them.  After paying for the items, I placed my shopping list into the the recycling bin in the store's parking lot.  That way the paper could be recycled and used again. The other day I decided that I wanted to read a book , but all the ones I had in my home I had read already . When I was thinking about what to do , I spotted my library card and decided that i 'd go borrow a book . I drove over and headed inside . I 've always liked libraries , they 're usually nice and quiet and you never know what kind of interesting books you might find when you 're looking around . I started by looking at the new arrival shelves , but nothing there really caught my eye . I headed over to one of the library computers and brought up the book search . It took me a little while to decide what kind of book I wanted , but eventually decided I wanted a science fiction book , just something to enjoy for a little while . I started browsing through all the search results until a book caught my eye . I noted down the shelf number it should be in and went over to it . I found my book and took it to the desk , where I gave the librarian my library card and the book . He checked it out for me and handed them back . After that , I headed home and sat down to read my book .  Last night, while getting ready for bed, I walked through the kitchen and instantly noticed my feet were getting wet. Looking down in horror I realized my toddler had spilled milk everywhere. Grabbing the towel I have hanging from the oven door, I was able to step on that to then reach paper towels. Leaning down, I slowly mopped up the mess with the towels. Once it was good enough, I then grabbed my mop and the mop bucket. From the kitchen sink I filled the bucket and added a little soap. Dunking the mop in the bucket and then moving it across the floor to pick up any remaining mess. No one likes the smell of spoiled milk! Once done, I emptied the bucket and hung the mop up to dry. The floors dried overnight without any extra help. I was able to sleep until tomorrow brings a whole new set up messes. It's what's expected living with a toddler. I was so excited to go on my first trip to Florida by airplane . I made sure to buy a window seat so I could see the beautiful view from high up in the sky . I listened carefully to the flight attendant as she gave her speech about safety precautions . After she finished the pilot got on the loud speaker and informed us that we will be taking off shortly . He told us what time we will be landing in Florida and even the temperature it will be when we landed . He then told us to buckle our seat belt and turn off any electronic devices we may have with us . A couple minutes later the engine came to life and the plane started moving towards the runway . When it reach the runway it started to speed up very fast and after a minute I felt the plane lift off of the ground . I looked out the window and saw us leaving the ground . When we reach our cruising altitude the pilot informed us it was now safe for us to take off our seat belts . I looked out the window and found myself amazed as we soared over the clouds .  I bought a birthday gift for my beautiful loving wife. It was a pretty pink luxurious soft bathrobe which I knew she wanted. I wanted to wrap it but the first thing I needed to do was choose which wrapping paper and buy it. I thought should I go with a plain but pretty wrap or more of a party wrap with balloons and party hats pictured?I decided to go with a specific birthday present wrapping paper that had "Happy Birthday!" written all over it in a colorful red and blue. So after I picked out the wrapping paper I need to select a bow. I found a  yellow one that was perfect for the colors of the wrapping paper because it stood out instead of all the same.All I needed now was some tape so I purchased that along with everything else took it home and carefully wrapped it up. The most important part of wrapping is to cut the correct size that you need and get the corners tight. My friend Joe, who is a construction worker, decided to help me lay tile in my new house the other day.  We went into the kitchen and removed all of the old , worn out tile from the floor.  We then sanded down the floor and prepared it to receive the new tile.  After this, we took a trip to the Home Depot to pick out exactly what new tile I wanted.  I decided I wanted a bright white tile to match the refrigerator in the kitchen.  After buying enough tile to cover the entire floor, we went back to my house.  Slowly, tile by tile, we put industrial glue on the bottom of each tile and carefully set it into a neat pattern on the floor.  We did this until the entire floor of the kitchen was covered, and then put rubber strips around the outer wall.  Finally we, left to let it sit and dry for the day. Last night i had my family over for a family get together, we had many dishes and pots and pans to make such great tasting food. We had rice with Spanish green peas, a roasted pork shoulder, baked ziti, banana pudding and chocolate cake. All of that food was homemade and it was Delicious. So i had a lot of pots and pans to wash with plates and cups. I sort out the dirty dishes into piles such as plates, cups, pots and pans. i like to use dawn soap i feel like it gets everything much cleaner. I use hot water and a scrubber to clean the dishes and put them in the dish rack to start to dry. Then i start to wash the cups and silverware and put them in the dish rack to dry. So by the time i wash the pots and pans, the first set of dishes would be dry so i can put those away and the pots and pans would fit in the dish rack to dry properly. The other week I had to take a trip on a train to visit some family that lives down south . Once I bought my train ticket I waited with a big group of people for the train to come . Once the train came down the track we all got onto the train and took our seats . A ticket-man came and asked to see our tickets and make sure that we all were supposed to be on the train , and also that we 're all in the right seats . Once that is all taken care of I walk to the food train-car and get some food . I sit down at the train-car table and eat my food . The food is good , but was prepared quickly . After I eat my food I throw away the trash from my meal and walk back to my seat where I fall asleep for a little while and then when I wake up I am at my destination and exit the train where I meet up with my family who are waiting for me .  I had spent the day planting a tree and needed to take a bath to clean myself and relax those tired muscles . I went to the bathroom and turned on the faucet in the bathtub . Once the water reached the temperature that I wanted I plugged the drain to fill the bathtub . While the tub was filling up I undressed myself and put the dirty soiled clothing in the the hamper . I turned the water off and got into the nice hot relaxing tub of water . I added some bath soap into the tub and proceeded to scrub the dirt off my body with a washcloth . After washing myself and relaxing a bit I unclog the drain and watch the dirty soapy water spiral down the drain . I rinse body quickly in the shower to rinse the soap off . I get out and grab a towel to dry myself . I put on a clean set of clothes and feel fresh .  I had just watched a movie , and saw that it had been based on a book . Since I liked the movie , I wanted to read the book and went to the library in my neighborhood to see if they had it . In the library the books were separated into fiction and non-fiction areas . Since the story was about something that happened in real life , it would be in the non-fiction area . If it were a make-believe story , it would have been in the fiction section . The person who wrote the book had a last name that began with S. I began looking on the shelves for authors with the last name that began with S. All the books were in alphabetical order according to the authors last name . I found the book I was looking for and took it off the shelf . I brought it to the desk where the librarian was and gave her the book . She asked me for my library card , which gives me permission to borrow books . She entered my information into her computer so she would know who borrowed the book . She told me the book would be due back in the library in two weeks . If I did n't bring it back by then , I would have to pay the library money for every day the book was late . I did n't want to have any late fees , so I made sure I brought it back on time . Since the book belonged to the library , I took good care of it so others could enjoy the book when they borrowed it .  The best way to start the day is by cooking up some scrambled eggs. Every morning, the first thing I do is open up the fridge and make sure I have some eggs and milk. As soon as I make sure I have my ingredients, I go to the cupboard and take out the frying pan and mixing bowl. Once I have the mixing bowl I smile instantly knowing it is now time to crack the eggs into the bowl and mix them up with a little bit of milk. My mouth is watering as I now pour the mixture into the frying pan. The sizzling of the eggs as they cook is heaven to my ears. What  I usually do is let them cook on one side for a couple of minutes then I will break the eggs up with a fork and let them finish cooking for a couple more minutes. Ding ding! The timer is going off and it is now time to put the eggs on my plate and let them cool down before I chow down! I decided to wash my clothes early in the morning to save some energy when whole world is sleeping. First I washed big stuff like towels and sheets. They became dry in drier then I put them in laundry basket. I brought them in my room. Emptied it on my bed.First I picked up a towel and folded it in half then again folded it length wise. Now I folded it side wise in such a way that it made 2 folds on 2 sides, so separated them in 3 parts and folded them from 2 sides. I had some sheets. I folded it once in half, and then folded one time side wise, and again folded it side wise. After that folded it once in length wise then one more time. The left one were, small towels. Just folded them twice, once lengthwise and second sidewise. I was done. Last month, our friends planned to have a barbecue party at our backyard. First we arranged for the barbecue stoves. Two of them were enough for us. Then we bought the coal and the things to burn the coal such as lighter. We shopped the sticks, oil and a brush to apply the oil. In the previous day of the party, we shopped meat. As we had plan for preparing prawn sticks too, we bought prawn. Few hours before, we marinated meat and prawn. During party, few of our friends ignited the coal and few of us arranged meat and prawn on sticks. We inserted capsicum, tomato and onion in between the meat to add flavor. Once the coal was ready, we placed the sticks on the stove and started cooking. We had to turn the sticks continuously to avoid the meat get burned. Once the meat and prawn got well cooked, we enjoy them with mayonnaise. It was a good party. Billy's grandmother was babysitting him while his parents were at work one summer Saturday. While making Billy a snack in the kitchen, his grandmother clinched her chest, turned a sickly shade of gray, farted, and collapsed. Billy was only 7 years old so he was scared, but he knew what to do. He picked up the phone and dialed 9 1 1. When the operator answered she said, 911. What's the nature of your emergency?" Billy started crying and couldn't speak. The operator told him in a calm, professional voice to tell her what was wrong so that they could quickly help. Billy stopped crying and explained what had happened to his grandmother. The operator asked Billy his name and address. He told her. Now Billy, the operator said, An ambulance is on its way. Is your front door unlocked? Billy said that it was. Billy, is your grandmother breathing? I need you to check. Can you do that for me? Billy saw that his grandmother's chest was going up and down and that she was quietly moaning. Billy told the operator this. Good job. Billy. When the paramedics, that's the ambulance crew, getting there I want you to help them save your grandmother, Ok? Billy said that he would. When the ambulance got there the 911 operator stayed on the phone with Billy until the paramedics had revived Billy's grandmother, put her in a wheeled bed that they called a gurney, and loaded her into the back of the ambulance which was like a cross between a camper and a hospital. You did a good job, Billy. A police officer is on the way to your house to stay with until your mom and dad come home to get you. Your grandmother is going to be ok but the paramedics are taking her to the hospital. You saved her life, Billy. You're a hero." Steve did a Triathlon this weekend, so when he returned home he was quite dirty. After he cleaned up, the shower was filled with bits of dirt and rock and grass. He offered to clean it, but I told him he should rest and I'd do it and then grabbed the shower cleaning solvents from under the bathroom sink. First I used the detachable shower head to rinse the grit down the drain. Afterwards, I sprayed a foaming antibacterial cleanser on the walls, in the corners and on the shower's glass door. I let the cleaner sit for a little while, so it could really soak into the dirty surfaces. Then I went in with a sponge and scrubbed every inch with the rough, scrubby part of the sponge. Once I was satisfied I'd gotten most of the dirt out, I put the shower on extra hot and rinsed down the walls. The last step was glass cleaner and a squeegee, to make sure the door was as spotless as the rest of the shower. It took me over an hour, but I was happy with the result. Sunday , my husband and I did our grocery shopping . He had a shopping list recorded in his cell phone . We arrived at the store in the early afternoon , and the first thing we did was get a shopping cart . We walked in and went to the produce area first , where all the fruit and vegetables are . My husband checked the list . We only had bananas on the list , but I said we should get things for salad , too , so he picked out bananas and bell peppers while I got lettuce and radishes and tomatoes . Then we went to the deli area and ordered some sliced turkey . The man behind the counter sliced the turkey for us and measured it on a scale to give us the amount we wanted , then wrapped it up for us . Next we visited the bakery area and picked out a nice loaf of rye bread to put the turkey on . In the canned goods area , we picked out soup and white beans ; then we went to the pasta area to get pasta and sauce . In the meat area , we picked up some chicken breasts and Italian sausage . Then we went to the dairy refrigerators and we each picked out some flavors of yogurt we like , and got milk and butter and eggs . We were nearly done , so my husband checked the list again and we saw we had forgotten tin foil and toilet paper , so we went back and got those two things . Then we went to the check-out where we put all our groceries on a conveyor belt and the clerk scanned each item in an electronic scanner to find out what it cost . She told us the total , and I swiped my bank card through an electronic reader to pay . Meanwhile , a bagger was putting our groceries into re-usable shopping bags that we had brought with us . He put the bags back into the cart . We got a receipt from the clerk and pushed the cart out to our car , where we moved the bags into the back seat . Then my husband put the cart in little corral in the parking lot that keeps the carts away from people 's cars , and we got in our car and went home .  The weather yesterday was very hot, so the kids wanted to go to the pool. They went in their rooms and changed into their swim suits. While they were changing I packed a bag with some snacks, their pool toys, towels and sunscreen. The kids came down and I put on their sunscreen, because I knew if I waited they would be too excited and jump in the pool with out it. We drove to the pool and went in and found three chairs and placed our towels on each one. The kids grabbed their pool toys and started running to the water. The lifeguard blew his whistle to remind them that it was not safe to run near the pool. We spent the day enjoying the water and the sun. When it was time to go home, we packed up our belongings and clean up our area. We drove home and the kids were so tired they both were ready to fall asleep. It was a warm summer night and my friends and I wanted to have a bonfire.  First we went into the woods and gathered twigs and leaves to help start the fire.  Then, we gathered branches and logs to place into the fire pit.  We stacked the wood in the fire pit and carefully placed dry leaves and a brush in between the logs.  Then, we lit a match and started the dry leaves on fire, hoping that the logs would catch fire too.  I blew on the fire just a little bit to help it grow.  The embers glowed a brilliant orange and soon, the fire caught and we were getting toasty warm!  Once the fire was started, we all sat around it and warmed up.  I brought marshmallows for us to have as a snack.  We each took turns roasting the marshmallows over the fire.  It was a really fun night! I put on one of my favorite old shirts to go to work, and I noticed that one of the buttons was about to come off! I wanted to wear that shirt to work so I quickly pulled my sewing kit out of the closet and got to work. I detached the button from my shirt and took out the old thread. I got a new piece of thread out of my sewing kit and weaved it through the eye in the needle. I tied a knot and began to work my needle and thread through my shirt. I then added on the button and weaved the needle through the holes in my button. I went through each hole in the button about five times to make sure it was secure. Once I was confident the button wouldn't fall off, I tied off the string and cut it. My button was securely attached to my shirt. I buttoned it through the whole and left for work. Today, I had to go to the store to get some groceries. The grocery store is all the way across town, so I had to drive my car to get there. This morning, it was really cold out, so I unlocked my car, got inside, and turned on the ignition, by putting the key in and turning. Since it was so cold, I let the car warm up a little bit before I drove it. The heat came on and it got warm again. I shifted the car into reverse, using the gear shifter and carefully backed out of my driveway. I then put the car into drive and headed to the grocery store. I used my turn signal to turn right onto main street, and waved as I passed my neighbor going the other direction. I listened to the car radio as I drove, and quickly made it to the grocery store. I turned the steering wheel to direct my car into a parking space, then got out and locked my car using the clicker. I then bought my groceries, loaded them into my trunk, and drove back home. Last night my mom started choking while we were eating and she could not breath.  My little brother and I noticed that she was turning blue and we got very afraid.  I remembered the special class at school about calling 911 in an emergency, so I called 911.  A very nice lady answered the phone, asked me my name and why I was calling.  I told her that my mom was choking and turning blue and we needed help.  The nice lady, her name was Mary, asked me how old I was and if I knew my address.  I felt stupid because I could only remember the street name and the city I lived in, but Mary said to calm down and she would help me.  Some how she found out exactly where we lived and told me the ambulance was on its way.  Mary told me to stay near my mom until the ambulance came and open the door for them as soon as I saw the lights, so I did.  Luckily the men from the ambulance squeezed my mom real tight from behind and she spit up the food she was choking on, it was gross.  I never got to talk to Mary again, but she helped a lot, I am very thankful for 911. I sat down at my computer and turned it on. I then opened the browser and typed in the website where I like to buy things online. Then, I typed in the name of the item I was searching for. I looked through the top ten items that came up after I searched. I read the reviews for the top ten and also thought about how much each one cost. I picked the one with the best review that also wasn't too expensive compared to the other items. I clicked the button that put the item into my virtual cart. Then, I clicked the check out button and entered my credit card information. It then asked me where I wanted the item shipped, so I put my home address. I entered my e-mail so I could get my receipt and I clicked confirm purchase. Then, the website thanked me for my purchase. I recently decided I wanted to host a party at my house.  I made a list of guests I thought I would like to invite.  I went to the store to buy invitations and envelopes so I could send the party invitations to all the people on my guest list.  I returned home and put the invitations into envelopes so they could be mailed out.  Once all the invitation were inside the envelopes I sealed them by licking the envelope and folding the flap over.  Next, I went to my address book and filled out all the envelopes with the addresses of my friends and family on my guest list.  I went to the post office and purchased enough stamps so I could put one on each envelope.  After going to the post office I put a stamp on every envelope and took them to the mailbox and lifted the flag indicating they were ready to be picked up for delivery. My friend has big aquarium. There were going for trip for 10 days away from house. So she told me to take care of her cat and fish. I was excited about it. She told me to come over so she can saw me routine. I went there. first I looked for  any trash in it, I grabbed it with sieve. Then she told me to make  sure the pipes, filters were in place and working. So I did. Then she showed me fish food, and told me to feed fish 2 times a day. I had 3 different bottles to feed from. She went to her trip and I made sure I cleaned the tank, pipes , filters are in place, and made sure fish are alive and healthy. I changed the type of food on alternative days for variety, As soon as I put the food, the fish immediately coming to top to grab them, it was very cute to see them. I walked up to the trashcan in my room and looked inside, it was fairly full which meant I needed to change it and put in a new one. I grabbed the bag from the two sides and pulled it out. Next I scrunched up the top and tied it into a knot to keep the garbage inside from falling out. After taking it outside and putting it down on the curb for the garbage men to come and pick it up tomorrow, I went back inside and into the kitchen. From the cupboard, I took out a packet of garbage bags and selected one from the packet. I went back to my room and pulled the bag apart so the sides were no longer sticking against each other. I aired it out and then stepped in front of my trash can. I placed it inside and fixed it up a bit. It was springtime and that meant one thing-working outside! I got some old jeans on and my gloves and headed out to the garden. It was time to do a little work in my garden that had been neglected all winter. The first thing that I needed to do was to pull all of the weeds that had grown. I pulled them ensuring to get the roots so that the same ones would not grow back again. Next I went ahead and brought out some new bulbs that I had bought at the store. I dug a hole for each one and placed them in it. I then covered up each hole with the dirt that I had pulled out initially. The only thing I had left to do that day was to water the new plants in my garden. After I did that I went back inside. I was finished working in the garden for the day. Yesterday, my friend Bill and I went to Jack in the Box.  We stood at the counter looking at all of the different food on the menu.  Then, when it was our turn to order, I ordered a Jumbo Jack and Bill ordered chicken strips.  The cashier took our money and gave us a receipt with our number on it.  We took a couple of water cups, filled them at the drink machine, and found an empty table to sit at.  We sat drinking water until the cashier called the individual order numbers on our receipt.  We then got up, took our food trays, and returned to our table.  We talked while we ate, and enjoyed the greasy fast food.  I got up halfway through my meal to get more ranch sauce from the cashier.  After finishing our food, Bill and I got up and emptied our trays into the trash, before leaving the restaurant. Sometimes when I'm home alone I like to watch a movie to help me relax. Yesterday, I did exactly this!  I got home from work and changed into comfortable clothes.  I walked into the kitchen and popped some popcorn.  Then, I walked into my living room and looked through my movie selection.  I decided on a romantic comedy, 27 Dresses.  It is one of my absolute favorites!  I put the DVD into the DVD player and grabbed the remote control before sitting in my favorite chair, an oversized, beige recliner.  I fast forwarded through the previews and started my movie.  I snacked on my popcorn all while enjoying my show.  Soon, the movie was over and I got out of my cozy chair.  I took the movie out of the DVD player and put it back into its case and then back onto the shelf.  This movie night was so great, I might just do it again tonight! Shopping online can be very easy and rewarding. First, you will need a computer, phone, laptop, or tablet that has internet connection. Next, you can search for the item that you desire to purchase. There are so many things available to buy online! Clothing, games, toys, gift cards, all of it is available to order from home by using online shopping. There are many websites to choose from, but try and find one that you like and trust, after all you will be providing information like your address and credit card information. I really love Amazon. If I think of a product I need or want (like shoes for example) I just click on the Amazon app, use the search bar and type in the product I am looking for. It will pull up all of the products that align with what I typed in. I can compare prices, read reviews, and decide which to buy then add it to my cart. Once you check out, you provide your information and an email is sent to you for confirmation. Then you wait patiently for the item to arrive. It is very convenient and easy to do. After I got up this morning I made the bed right away. First I removed some stuffed toys that my dogs had brought in to play with as we were falling asleep last night. I pulled the fitted sheet down on all four corners so it was no longer sliding off the mattress. I straightened the pillowcases so the pillows were inside them fully, I fluffed them up a bit and I propped them all at the head of the bed, 2 on each side. I was able to pull up the sheet and comforter at the same time and I pulled it halfway up over the pillows. I noticed that the the bottom of the sheet had come untucked and was loose and hanging out so I tucked it between the mattress and box spring so I could no longer see it out. I finished by smoothing the comforter out so it looked neat and not wrinkled. I went to visit the doctor last week because of a sore throat.  The first thing I did after getting to the doctor's office was check in at the main desk. The receptionist asked me my name and input it into her computer.  The receptionist asked to see my driver's license and insurance card, and then asked me to pay my copay, which was $15.  After that, the receptionist asked me to take a seat waiting room.  I waited, and after a few minutes, a medical assistant called my name so I went with her into the exam room.  The assistant measured my height, weight, temperature, heart rate, and blood pressure, and I responded to her questions about why I was there and what medications I take.  After inputting the data into a computer she left and I waited in the exam room until the doctor arrived.  The doctor asked me some more questions, which I answered.  The doctor then looked into my eyes, ears, and throat with a bright light and felt my glands on my throat and neck.  The doctor listened to my heart and my breathing through a stethoscope.  After looking at data in the computer, the doctor said that I did not need a prescription, and that I should treat my sore throat with rest, lots of liquids, and an over-the-counter pain and fever reliever.  After that, both the doctor and I left the exam room, and I went home and followed the doctor's advice to rest, drink liquids, and take an over-the-counter pain killer/fever reliever. As a parent to a young child, I often find myself cleaning up toys. Alex, my son, is a toddler and doesn't yet understand the concept of cleaning up after himself. Each night I put his toys away before he goes to bed. Sometimes we make a game out of it, seeing how quickly we can get all his toys into his toy box. Yesterday, his favorite toys to play with were cars. He had at least 30 different cars spread around the house, so I had to watch where I walked as I was cleaning up his toys. Soon, Alex will be big enough to be able to put away his toys all on his own. Until then, I clean them for him, and he enjoys himself all day playing with his many toys. It makes me happy knowing he has so much fun taking all his toys out and playing with them. It was cold outside and looked like it may snow, so I thought the perfect meal for that evening would be a nice vegetable stew. The hardest part about making a vegetable stew is all of the vegetables that you have to chop. So I got out all of the vegetables that I wanted to put into the stew and went ahead and washed it all. I also got out my cutting board and one of our sharpened knives. Sharp knives always make chopping vegetables very easy. I started with the celery and cut it up into small bite sized pieces. When I was done I moved the cut up celery to the side and moved on to the carrots. I chopped them in half, then down the long way until I was through. I moved them and chopped up the onions and potatoes. Pretty soon I was through chopping the vegetables. This morning, when I woke up, I was hungry for some toast for breakfast. I went into the kitchen and grabbed a couple slices from a loaf of bread. I plugged in my toaster and put the bread into the slots. I turned the knob to extra toasted, so it would be nice and crispy, and pushed the lever down. While the bread cooked, I went into my refrigerator and grabbed some butter and some strawberry jam. I took a butter knife out from the cutlery drawer and took a plate out from the cabinet. A couple minutes later, the bread popped out of the toaster, nice, crispy, and golden brown. I put the bread on a plate and spread butter on one slice, and strawberry jam on another with the bread knife. I poured myself a glass of milk, and sat down at my kitchen table with a newspaper, to enjoy my delicious breakfast. Yesterday, I really wanted some fresh orange juice.  I didn't have any oranges, so I drove to the grocery store and bought a dozen oranges.  After paying for the oranges, I then drove back home.  I brought the oranges into the kitchen and put them on the counter while I looked for my orange juicer in the cabinet.  I found it behind the sugar canister and set it by the oranges.  I got out my bread board and found my large chef knife in the knife rack.  I took the oranges to the sink and washed all the oranges.  I then began to cut all of the oranges in half.  After the oranges were all cut, I started to twist the oranges on the top of the juicer.  It is a hand juice and takes a little muscle to get all the juice out.   I transfer the juice to a pitcher.  After I had juiced all 12 oranges, I had enough for a full pitcher of orange juice.  It was delicious. When I was sick coughing last week, my body wouldn't stop coughing.  I felt really sick and so I decided to go to the doctor.  When I went to the doctor, they asked me if I was going to have to pay for the visit.  I told them that I did, because of my insurance, and so I paid a little bit of money.  After that, I sat down and waited for them to call my name.  After a few minutes, my name was called and I visited with my doctor.  He stuck a popsicle stick down my throat to see if everything was fine.  He said it looked good, so I must be coughing because I'm a little too thirsty.  He told me somethings to do to get feeling better and to get better in the next few weeks.  He also sent me home to get some rest there. Last weekend my girlfriend and I decided we would like to make a special treat for Sunday dinner with our families . We decided we would make a special dessert to have after the meal . We went to the grocery store to get some of the ingredients we thought we would need . Once at the grocery store we chose the dessert we were going to serve as a treat for our guests . We picked up flour , sugar , and several other ingredients needed to bake a cake . Once we returned home we started to mix together a batter for our cake . Once the batter was just right we evenly spread it in a pan and placed it in the oven . After some time in the oven to bake our cake was ready to take out so we could add frosting . After the cake cooled we added the frosting and set it aside to wait for our guests to come and try the delicious treat .  I decided to rent a movie so I made a trip to the movie rental store. I got in my car, started the car, and drove off. I arrived at the video rental store and parked my car. I went inside the store and the store clerk greeted me. I smiled and said "hello." I walked down the isles and thought about what type of movie I was in the mood to watch. As I walked down the isles, I looked at the movie boxes and read some titles. I decided that I was in the mood to watch a science fiction movie. I walked around the store until I found the science fiction isle. I walked slowly down the isle and carefully read the titles and looked at the movie covers. I found a movie that I had been wanting to watch so I made up my mind quickly and got that movie. I walked to the cash register and was greeted again by the store clerk. He asked for my movie rental card. I gave him my movie rental card and then he told me how much the cost was. I paid the clerk and he handed me the movie in a plastic bag. I thanked the clerk and walked out of the store. I got into my car, started the engine, and drove back home. Most of my bills are due during the first week of the month. After I get paid on the first of the month, I gather up all of my bills. Most of them I can pay for online, so I log in to the website for each bill.  Each bill's website shows me how much I owe for that month. The website gives me several options on how to pay. The easiest is to link the bill directly to my bank account. Each website allows you to set up automatic payments so that you don't have to log in each month any pay, but I prefer to check the status of each account each month.  I start with my most important bills first. I have to pay them all, but I like to get the most important ones out of the way first. The month important ones would be mortgage payment for my house, then my electric bill that includes my water, then my internet bill, then cable TV.  I have a few small credit card bills and payment each month for my car, too.  After all of my bills are paid, the money I have left I use for food, gas, entertainment, and savings. When I make a hot dog my favorite way to do it is by using the microwave.  I feel like this provides a hot dog with the best flavor.  First I take a hotdog from the package in the fridge and put it on a plate.  I slice the hot dog down the middle (not all the way through) so that the hot dog will cook evenly.  I then place the hot dog in the microwave for one minute and thirty seconds and press start.  While the hot dog is cooking I take a hot dog bun and place it in the toaster oven.  I toast the bun until the hot dog is cooked.  Once both of them are done I  take the hot dog out of the microwave and the bun out of the toaster oven.  I put some mustard and ketchup on the bun and then I place the hot dog in the bun and am ready to eat it. One of the thing that never want to miss is to going to funeral. It reminds me of myself that I am also going to die one day. This is the FACT of this life. When I heard about the death of close friend of our community , I was very sad. The funeral was arranged same day after noon, as we believe to bury the dead as soon as possible. I wore most modest clothes and wore the veil. straight went to the funeral home, as I wanted to help the too. I helped my relatives washing the body, that one of ritual that close relatives perform in my culture. It is not given to anyone else. but the daughter or son or sister or brother [performs. She was woman so I could attend the washing, because I am also woman. It was very heartbreaking , as I just saw her well and alive few days ago, and now she is in front of me motionless.  We finished and prepared her for burial with white clothes. I kept looking at her face with tears in my eyes, We are currently potty training my youngest daughter.  Last night she wet the bed in her sleep.  When she woke up she was covered in urine.  I took her out of her crib and got her undressed.  Then I took her pillow, sheets and blankets and threw them in the washing machine.  After we got her into new clothes we went to our linen closet to grab her a new pillow case, sheet and blanket.  I took her into her room and we pulled the mattress out of her crib together.  She stood on it while it was on the ground and jumped around for a bit, and started to giggle.  After she got off we spread the sheet out over the mattress and folded each corner over the corner of the mattress and put the mattress back into her crib.  We took the pillow case and opened the side up.  She held the pillow case while I stuffed the pillow inside.  Once we placed the pillow back in the crib, we spread her blanket over the mattress and tucked the sides into the bed. It's dinner time, and I want to cook some pasta. The first thing to do is decide what kind of pasta I want: spaghetti with meat sauce. I get out my pans, my ingredients, and my pots. I fill my pot with salty water and set it to boil. While I wait for it to boil, I get the meat sauce started. I brown some ground meat in my pan until it's fully cooked, and then add some tomato sauce to make my sauce. Now the water's boiling, so I put in my spaghetti and wait for it to boil. I add spices to my sauce to make it taste good, like oregano, basil, salt, and pepper. Once the spaghetti is cooked, I strain it with a strainer and add it right to the sauce. Then, I add a few handfuls of mozzarella and parmesan cheese, so my sauce is extra cheesy. I let it cook on the pan a little more, and it's ready to eat! Mark was late to work, and his clothes had not been ironed yet. He wasn't sure what to do, and he walked around his house wondering if he should just not iron his clothes and stay home for the day. After a few minutes, he got out the iron board and iron. He placed his white shirt on the board, sprayed the shirt with water, and then pressed the iron on the shirt. He switched off between spraying with water and pressing with the iron. The whole thing took him about five minutes. Mark decided to just iron this one shirt so he could put it on and leave the house quickly. While driving off to work, he thought about all the other clothes he would have to iron when he got home after work. He decided to try not to think about it for the rest of the day. It was time to prepare for the picnic that we had plans for the last couple weeks. First, I gathered all of the things that I would need for the picnic table. That included a plastic cover for the table, paper plates, plastic cups, plastic utensils, napkins, aluminum foil and plastic bags that would be used for garbage and taking things back home. Next I needed to set up the cooler, which included bottles of water, soda and juice to keep everyone hydrated. Then I needed to ensure that we had all the food we intended to bring or cook. So at home, I prepared baked beans, green beans and macaroni and cheese. These foods were put into separate aluminum containers, and covered with aluminum fall so they could be transported to the picnic area and ready to be served. But in a cooler, I packed chicken, hotdogs, hamburgers  and rots that were to be cooked on the grill once we were at the picnic location. Along with those meats, I carried my seasonings such as socks, pepper and garlic, cooking utensils for the grill, charcoal and lighter fluid the only thing left to consider was the entertainment, and which case I packed a boombox, an extra set of batteries and a few of my favorite CD's so that we would have music to listen to while at the picnic. I was sitting in front of my laptop watching some movie, and my lap made the familiar popping sound and the bulb went out. "Oh great," I thought to myself, "It's time to change the bulb out again."  I head into the kitchen to look for a light bulb, and found one in one of the drawers. I head over to the living room and the lamp next to my desk. The bulb is still hot, I need some towel to grab it and unscrew it. I head into kitchen to get the towel, and then I change out the light bulb. But this one is so much brighter than the old one that went out. I look at the box and the label says 150W. I look at the old bulb on top and it says, 100W. I guess I bought the brighter bulb, which is great. I always thought room could use more light. When I woke up this morning I decided to have a cup of tea. I walked into my kitchen and gilled my silver teapot with water. I turned the stove up to medium heat and placed the tea pot on the burner.  While my water was warming up I opened my cupboard and selected the tea I wished to drink this morning. I had many options such as black tea, green tea, and white tea. I chose to drink green tea this morning. I opened the tea package and grabbed a tea bag. Approximately fifteen minutes after I put the water on the stove to get warm the water was boiling hot which is perfect for making tea. I removed the teapot from the stove. I reached into my cupboard and grabbed a mug to pour the hot water in. I poured the steaming hot water in the mug and placed the teapot back on the stove but on a cooler burner this time. I placed my teabag inside the mug, dipping it up and down and took a sip of the tea, carefully blowing into the liquid so I didn't burn my tongue. I enjoyed my tea. When it gets late, it's time to give my cat her dinner. I feed my cat twice a day, once in the morning and once at night, and now it's time for her night meal. I feed my cat dry food, but there is wet food that comes in a can too. I go get the bag of food and measure out how much to give to my cat. It's important to measure out your pets' food, because overfeeding them can make them sick. Then, I pour the measured food into the dish. The sound of the food being poured sends my cat running! From anywhere in the house, she'll dash over to the kitchen and start eating. While she eats, I take her water dish and fill it up with clean water. If you let your pets' water get dirty, that could make them sick too. It's important to keep your pets healthy by giving them the best food and clean water every day! I walked into the bathroom, and hung both of my towels on the towel rack. Turning on the shower, I adjusted the temperature by turning the knob back and forth between cold and hot. After getting the perfect temperature, I closed the bathroom door, and sat on the toilet to take my shoes off. Taking off the rest of my clothes and putting them in the hamper took only a few seconds. Stepping in the warm shower instantly relaxed me. I wet my hair and body. My new shampoo had a pleasant and slightly flowery smell, I used it to lather up my long brown hair. After working the soap fully through my hair, I rinsed it all out under the shower spray until all the bubbles were gone from my hair. I made sure all of the soap was completely out of my hair before I applied the conditioner. It smelled much like the shampoo, and filled the shower with a nice smell. After letting the conditioner soak into my hair, I rinsed it out under the shower spray, and got out of the shower to go to bed. A long day was finally over, time for bed. Tonight was spaghetti dinner night! I loved when we had spaghetti for dinner because everybody sat down at the table and ate together. After everyone ate, my mom asked me to clear the table. I was excited because she was giving me my own chore to do by myself. First I collected all the empty dishes and put them in the sink. Not all the plates were empty so I took a spoon and emptied all the leftover food in the trash. My mom always reminds me to do that before putting the dish in the sink because she says leftover food will clog up the dish drain. Then I gathered all the utensils we used and put them in the sink too. I put all the used glasses and cups on the counter near the sink. Mom says not to put them inside the sink with the other dishes because they can easily break. Once all  the dishes were away, I wiped the table off with a wet cloth.  Now, it looked as if it did before we ate. Mom was really proud of me and I was proud of myself for clearing the table all by myself. When I take my car to the pump and attempt to get fuel, I try to find a gas station that is both a known company and also one that is not busy. I then circle around to find a spot that works  for me. When doing so, I either wait for an attendant or I exit my car. If I have to pump the gas on my own, I exit the car and push the button to open the gas tank. I then take the gas pump and place it into my car. I then put in my credit card into the machine and decide how much gas I wanted. I realized in this particular situation that I wanted to fill my car with regular unleaded and that's exactly what I did. Upon finishing, I put the fuel pump back and closed the tank in my car and drove off. Yesterday I received in the mail an envelope with the electric bill.  The amount I had to pay was 50$. As I did not want to incur in any fees for late payment, I decided to pay it right away. The letter said I could make payment over the phone, so I dialed the number printed in the letter. After a few seconds, the Electric Company answered my call asking how they could help me. I said I wanted to pay my bill, so the agent asked a few information about me in order to verify my account. Once the agent found my name, my address and my account number in their computer, they asked my credit card information to complete the payment of 50$. I gave the agent all the info he needed and after a few seconds he told me that the payment went through and my balance was 0. He also gave me a confirmation number to prove that I had paid my bill. Then, we said goodbye and the call was over. My bill was paid. When I got home yesterday, I checked my mailbox and was excited to find a letter from a friend of mine that lives far away sent me. I opened the letter and decided I wanted to send my friend a letter back. I sat down at my desk and got out a piece of paper and a pencil. I wrote out down about my life and all the fun things I have been doing. Then I went back into my desk and got out an envelope and a stamp. I folded up my letter and put it inside the envelope. Then I licked the envelope to seal it, and put my stamp in the top right corner so that the mail man would deliver the letter to my friend. I wrote my name and address in the top left corner so that my friend would know who the letter was from and just in case the letter got lost the mailman could send it back to me. Then I wrote my friend name and address in the middle of the envelope so the mailman would know where to send my letter. After my letter was finished, I went to the closest mailbox and stuck it inside for the mailman to bring it to my friend. I am in need of a new bike. I open my laptop and turn it on. The laptop takes 3 minutes to fully turn on. I log on to my profile and wait for that to load too. Once loaded, I open my web browser. I type in Amazon.com into the search bar. The website pops up on my screen. I then type in bike into the search bar on Amazon.com. Thousands of options for bikes appear. I narrow the search options to only bikes and within my price range of $150. This limits the options that come up. I think about what features I want my bike to have. I would like a bell and a basket. This narrows my search further. Now, I only have a few hundred options to look through. I scroll down through the results and choose my favorite 3 bikes. I open these options in new tabs and compare and contrast the reviews, features, and appearances of the bikes. Finally, I settle on one. I add this bike to my cart, proceed to checkout, enter my payment information and address. I then confirm my order and wait 5-7 business days until it arrives. The ceiling light in my kitchen started to flicker.It was time to change the light bulb. A new package of bulbs was in the junk drawer. Since I only needed 1 bulb I pulled it out and put the package back. Then I set up the step ladder because I'm too short to reach the ceiling. I placed the bulb on the back shelf along with a paper towel. Of course, I made sure the light switch was off so I would not be shocked. I climbed the ladder and carefully unscrewed the cover, setting it down on the back shelf. I unscrewed the bulb, and set it down, too. The new bulb screwed in easily. I wiped the cover with my towel and screwed it back, as well. I climbed down the ladder, put it away and disposed of the bulb and towel.When I flipped the switch the bulb came on without a flicker. I have to have a shower to start my day. I grab some underwear and clothes and head to the bathroom. After completing my morning ritual of brushing my teeth and the morning constitutional. I turn the dial on the faucet and wait for the water to reach the right temperature. It takes a few seconds to warm up and I check the temperature with my hand under the stream of water to be sure it is the right temperature. I think it feels pretty good. I'm going to undress and step in. The water feels great running down my body as I stand under the warm streams spraying down on me. I stand there for a minute to make sure my hair is soaked and get some shampoo. I lather up my puff and start cleaning myself. I also wash my face. When I'm done, I rinse off all the soap from hair and body. That will be enough to get me a fresh start to the day. My girlfriend and I want a vacation on a nice beach with all food and drinks provided for. We are interested in going to Cabo San Lucas Mexico. We see online that the prices are fair for the plane tickets and the stay at a resort. The trip would probably take someplace during the end of the year holidays, most likely around Christmas time or Thanksgiving. We need to save up money. My girlfriend plans to keep working. I plan on doing extra work on Saturdays to save up. This will allow us to pay for the trip without having to tap into our savings account. Next, we need to make arrangements for our pets. After that, we should decide on a date and start planning our activities there. The last thing is probably to book the tickets for the flight and hotel. We can't wait to go to Mexico! Last night, my boyfriend and I went dancing at one of our favorite clubs downtown. He picked me up at 9:30, and drove us there his new car. There was a little bit of traffic, but it didn't take long to get to the club. Once we arrived, he parked the car, and we got out to stand in line. After waiting about twenty minutes, we reached the front of the line. We showed the bouncer our ID's, and he waved us through. My boyfriend paid $20 for each of us and we walked inside. The club was very crowded. We navigated our way through the crowd of people until we got to the middle of the dance floor. The DJ was playing a great song, so we started dancing. After about five or six songs, I was ready for a break, so my boyfriend and I walked to the bar to get some drinks. He paid for the drinks, and we took them over to a small loveseat in the corner. We talked and laughed while we finished our drinks. When we were done, we set our drinks down on the table and got up to dance some more. We danced for a few  hours until we were tired, and then he drove me back home. It was a really fun night. Today we are visiting a hands on science museum with my fifth grade class.  The teacher has told us that we must listen to the rules, but since it's a hands on museum, we can touch and play with so many things.  My friend Janet and I are so excited to be paired up as a buddy together.  We are assigned to a group of 4 girls and Janet's mom.  Janet's mom is our chaperone, so she is in charge of the four of us.  As we enter the museum we see so many weird and wonderful things.   There is a bed of nails that we can lay on.  Janet is too scared, but I lay on it and it doesn't even hurt.  Then we play in a maze that show us how scientist train mice to do hard task like remember how to escape mazes. Right before lunch, we meet up with the rest of our class and watch a science demonstration about air, and how it really takes up space.  The Scientist had a homemade air cannon out of a garbage can and saran wrap and when he beat the back of it, air blasted us right in the face.  My hair went flying.   We ate lunch with our group at the cafeteria, and it was so loud because everyone was very excited about our field trip.  Janet's mom took us to the ocean exhibit next.  We were able to pet a starfish and a horseshoe crab in the touch tank, and watched otters playing in a nearby exhibit.  The day ended with us loading on to the bus and heading back to school.  It was a lot of fun. We hold funerals when somebody has died. It's the family's way of getting to say goodbye to their loved one. For a funeral, people usually wear black. This shows that they're sad. They also dress in suits and nice clothes because it's respectful. Before the funeral the dead person is kept at a funeral home. There they dress them in a nice outfit and put them in a coffin. The coffin is put into a hearse, which is a big car designed specially to carry coffins. Hearses drive very slowly, and other cars wait for them to go past and don't rush them. The hearse will drive to the home of the dead person. There the person's family will get into another car behind the hearse and drive to the church where the funeral is being held. Six ushers carry the coffin into the church. The coffin goes at the front of the church by the vicar. The family site closest to the front, and friends at the back. The vicar says nice things about the dead person. The users then take the coffin outside to the grave, which has already been dug. There the vicar says more nice things while the coffin is lowered into the grave. Sometimes people throw small bits of dirt onto the coffin, as a way of starting to bury it. Afterwards people go back to the dead person's house to eat food and say nice things about the dead person to their family. It was a beautiful day outside and I decided that I wanted to get some work done in my garden. In my garden, I grow tomatoes, zucchini, spaghetti squash, and some other delicious vegetables. I went out to the garden and quickly noticed that it looked like a squirrel had done some digging in my garden and had eaten a few of my plants. I was sad, but the squirrel didn't get everything, so I still had quite a few things left. I ripped out the plants that the squirrel had gotten into since they were dirty, and got to work pruning the rest of my garden. I pulled out some weeds, straightened up some of my plants that had begun to fall over, and finished by watering my garden. I checked my tomato plant before I went inside to see if any were ripe enough for me to pick. I found two perfect and ripe tomatoes that I brought inside to cook with dinner that evening. For my first time flying in an airplane I ca n't say that I was too scared . I mean what could be so scary about being in a plane . I was pumped and ready for my first flight . But first things first , I had to pack my suitcase . With this finished and my plane ticket purchased online -LRB- boy that 's convenient -RRB- I began the long wait for departure day . When It came I rushed to the airport in my car , maybe a little too fast according to the driver who honked and put up a very rude message with one of his fingers . Whatever , nothing can deter me from this flight . I arrive at the airport and get processed . I jump on my plane and wait for departure . This is the moment I 've been waiting on . And then we set off . And once I look out the window I am terrified , I should have never done this . The flight takes a couple hours and then I am good . But I realized one thing . Plane 's are actually terrifying .  It was laundry day so I got out the ironing board, the iron, and a fresh load of clothes from the dryer. I had been washing and drying clothes for most of the day so now it was time to catch up on the ironing so that I could get them all put away. I filled the iron with water and turned it on to heat up and set it upright on the ironing board. While the iron was heating I put another load of clothes into the dryer and one into the washing machine. The laundry was getting done quick so the ironing needed to be done quickly as well. Next I grabbed the first shirt out of the basket of clothes and neatly spread it out on the ironing board. I picked up the iron and moved it over the shirt, sort of slowly, but not slow enough to burn the shirt. After the shirt was flat and there were no more wrinkles I moved it to a different position, where there were more wrinkles, and repeated the same steps. I did this until the whole shirt was ironed and there were no more wrinkles. I did this with each piece of clothing until the basket was empty then I put them all away, neatly where they went. I ironed all of the clothes that needed to be ironed until all of the laundry was done, folded, and put away. I usually only iron certain clothes, most people do, mostly dress shirts and khakis and things like that. I don't much iron cotton tees or blue jeans, though some people do. But, that is basically how you iron clothes! My friend found out that she was being convicted of a crime she committed a few years ago that was pretty serious. I hadn't seen her in a while so I decided to get together with some other friends and throw her a going away party. We purchased a lot of alcohol from the local liquor store, lots of nostalgic stuff we used to drink years ago. I also bought some streamers and helium balloons, I know it seems festive for a depressing event, but helium balloons can be fun. We also reassembled the stone fire pit in her back yard and collected fire wood from the nearby forest. The night of the party we picked up hot dogs, hamburger, and stuff to make macaroni and potato salads. We all drove to her house and each began on a different task. A couple people cooked, some started the fire to cook the food over, and others decorated. Overall it was a good time and helped to cheer her up and remind her that there are people that care about her. After eating a meal, like dinner, I clear the dishes off of the table and then clean it. First, I take the empty dishes, plates, glasses, or bowls off of the table and put them in the kitchen sink to be washed or else I put them directly into the dishwasher. Sometimes I have to make two trips to the kitchen, depending on how many dishes there are on the table. I sometimes stack them in my hands so I can carry more, but then I have to be extra careful. Since there are usually crumbs on the table after a meal, I take a dry cloth and wipe them off of the table into my hand and put them in the garbage can. Then I use a damp sponge or dishcloth to wipe off the table in case any food or drinks were spilled. I wait for the table to dry and then sometimes spray furniture polish on it and wipe if off with a dry cloth, so that the table is protected for next time. Today is the last day of school for first grade. Now all of the children will be out of school for the summer break. There is no work for the children to do in class today. The teacher has decided to let the kids watch a movie in class today. The teacher's name is Ms. Washington. The name of the movie is Matilda. The movie is about a young girl who has special powers. The principal at Matilda's school is very mean to the children. Matilda's parents are not good parents. Matilda wants to live with her teacher. Her teacher is a very nice person. The teacher also brought many snacks for the children to eat during the movie. The teacher brought popcorn, candy, cookies, and juice. Ms. Washington placed the movie into the DVD player. Once the movie began the children were quiet. Matilda was a very funny movie. John and Melissa made breakfast on Saturdays for their parents because it was their day off from school.  John would start by asking his mom and dad what they wanted, and sometimes it was just cereal and toast. But last Saturday, their mom and dad wanted pancakes.  So, John and Melissa went into the kitchen, and got a big bowl out of the cupboard.  They poured the pancake mix into the bowl, and put in one cup of water , as the directions said on the back of the box.  It made a nice pancake mix. Next, Melissa went into the refrigerator, and grabbed some blueberries.  She put a cup of blueberries into the mix, and stirred the mix up.  John's job was to scoop one whole ladle full of pancake mix and pour it into the griddle .  He was good at pouring the pancakes and making them round.  Once John cooked them on one side, he would flip them for the other side to be cooked.  Then, he placed them on the plates for breakfast.  They were great! I had not written a letter to my grandma in quite a while, so I decided to let her know how I was doing and what was going on in my life recently since I knew it would brighten her day. I went to my desk and picked up a blank sheet of paper and a pen. I started by writing the date in the top right corner of the page, and I wrote "Dear Grandma," on the left side of the first line. Below that, I wrote about what I was being taught in school, and I told her all about my new dog, Pickles. At the end of the letter, I asked her about her gardening and to please write me back very soon. I ended the letter by signing "With Love, Samantha" at the bottom. I proceeded to place the letter in an envelope and wrote her address and the return address. I placed a stamp on the envelope and placed it in the outgoing mail. This past weekend, one of my best friends and band mates, Andrew, was getting married.  I was really excited for him and couldn't wait to see it.  We had received an invitation to go a few weeks ago and took that invitation with us to find the church to go to.  My wife came along and we dressed nice for the occasion.  When we arrived, we entered the holy place and waited for the couple to arrive.  They looked great together and went up to the altar.  The elder gave them some great advice and told them that their marriage would be eternal.   He than told them their promises they would make to each other and asked them if they would live those promises.  The man and woman agreed and they kissed over the altar to seal the deal.  Afterwards, we celebrated with a party at the bride's house down the street. Yesterday afternoon I had in mind the idea of buying a new cell phone, but the truth is that I am very hesitant to choose what I buy, when I got home I turned on the computer and started looking for information about the new models of Cell phones, I found one that I loved, I searched on eBay and amazon, I found the cell phone that I liked, asked my dad for help, my father sat on the PC, clicked the buy button, The page asked how he wanted to pay and he chose a credit card, then he gave the address Of our house, and also put his credit card number, which is the way he paid on the Internet, the page made the charge on his card and that was it, dad told me that the cell phone would come home in five days, I was really happy. Because each of my family members all had their own separate plans for thanksgiving last year; my husband and I decided to plan a small vacation of our own. We went online to and checked out different travel sites for hotels near New York City. We decided on New York because I had never been west of Boston. After a few days of searching we decided on a hotel in Pennsylvania. Once the hotel booking was complete it was time to set aside some gas money and rent a car through his work. He called the car rental place and realized he got a great work discount. We scheduled to pick up the car a week from that day. During the week we slowly packed clothes and personal items. We also tried to eat items in the refrigerator that would otherwise perish. We also packed ready made foods and drinks to bring with us on the trip. We planned routes and travel time, and had change in the car to pay all the tolls we would encounter. Pit stops were all accounted for as well. When my baby started crying, I smelled her diaper and realized that she needed a change. I was at home, so I took her into her bedroom where the changing table was, and laid her down on the table. I unsnapped her onesie and pulled it up, and then opened her diaper and pulled it off, setting it to the side. I then took her cleaning wipes and wiped her clean, making sure to get into all the cracks and crevices. Once she was clean, I wiped her dry with a towel, and then put on her diaper cream on some red spots so they wouldn't become sore. After that, I took out a new diaper, put it under her, and did up the fasteners, making sure that it was on snugly but comfortably. I threw away the old diaper and the wipes in the diaper pail and then snapped her onesie closed. After that, I put her in her crib, washed my hands, and then took her back out to play. When I was 16, I asked a girl to go on a date with me.  I went up to her after class and I asked her if she wanted to go to a concert with me.  I think she liked me and she said yes.  I told her when I would pick her up and what we would do, exactly.  That night, I went and I picked her up.  She got into my car after I opened her door.  We drove to the concert and talked about what we liked to do and what we thought about each other.  Most of all, we had fun, especially when we got to the concert.  After the concert was over, we went to a ice cream parlor and got some ice cream to share.  We laughed at how crazy we were at the concert and decided we should do it again.  I took her home. If I wanted to eat at a fast food restaurant, I would go inside and walk up to the counter. I would look at the wall behind the counter where the menu is to see what they have to eat. I would read all of the choices and see which one I thought I would like to eat most. After I decided, I would tell the employee behind the counter what I wanted. I would probably order something like a hamburger, french fries, and something to drink, like a soda. The employee would then tell me how much my meal cost, and I would pay him. He might give me my food right away, or I might have to wait a few minutes to get it. Once I got my food, I would get napkins and ketchup from the counter. I would find a table to sit at and would put my tray of food on the table. I would unwrap the food and put a straw in my drink and ketchup on my french fries and enjoy my food. I went to visit my great uncle the other day, with my son. Uncle Joe is 97 years old. He is still extremely active and shows no signs of slowing down. My son was telling Uncle Joe that he was making his First Communion the next weekend. Uncle Joe stepped into the other room and returned with his rosary. He gave it to my son. It was his from when he made his first communion. His parents were poor and had saved for a very long time to buy such a nice rosary. My son and I were very touched. As soon as we got home, my son asked if we could write him a thank you letter. My son went and found the nicest stationary he could fine. He wrote in his neatest handwriting and sincerely thanked Uncle Joe. He drew a heart at the bottom before putting it into the envelope, sealing it and addressing it. Both of those males are so thoughtful. My daughter's have birthdays within two months of each other, so every year, instead of presents, we do birthday adventures.  This year we planned a mini vacation to a local safari zoo.  My husband and I spent hours online searching for something fun and interesting to do.  I went all over Pinterest searching for something out of the box.  We found a zoo two hours south of us that has hands on safari tours.  I called the zoo and scheduled a private tour for our girls.  After we booked the tour, my husband and I went online to find local hotels.  We went through all the listings and found a suite with a kitchen that we thought would work best for us.  We looked up directions on MapQuest to get to the location, and are excited to start our trip this Friday morning.  We think our girls will be very happy about visiting the zoo. I started my day by going to the home and garden store and buying some vegetables to plant in my garden at home.  I bought different herbs, tomato plants, and pepper plants.  I drove home and took my purchases outside.  I knew exactly where I wanted to add the plants in my garden.  I quickly weeded the space and dug several holes in the dirt for the plants.  Next, I took each plant out of the container it came in and put it in the hole.  Then, I covered up the hole. I did this with each plant and when I was finally finished, I watered them really well.  I also made sure to add some fertilize the plants to help them grow to their fullest potential.  Soon, I would have lots of fresh herbs and vegetables.  Everyday I would have to make sure to go out and water my plants and of course give them lots of love! Tom and Melissa are going to visit their grandmother in New York for a month.  It is the summertime, and they have a break at school.  Their grandmother has asked for them to come see her, and spend that time with her.  So, Tom and Melissa's parents are going with them for some of the time, and dropping the kids off there for the remainder of the month.  it is a long drive to New York, so they start early in the morning one day and load the car up with luggage.  When they drive, they take breaks, to get gas, snacks , and restroom breaks. When it is night time, they stop at a hotel, and stay the night.  In the morning, they get up, and get breakfast, and check out of the hotel.  They have only a little ways to go until they reach grandmother's house, so they call her to let her know.  She is so happy when she sees them! I have to make breakfast for my family. I am going to make toast and my very own hand squeezed orange juice. first I take out two pieces of bread and put it in the toaster. Next I pull out the plates and put the toast on one plate.l I put more toast in the toaster and I fill another plate up and I keep doing that until all the plates are filled with toast. Then I cut open a orange and squeeze it in the cup cup.Lastly I cut open oranges and squeeze in to all the cups till they are full. I am finally done making breakfast. It is a hard job making toast and cleaning the things to make toast but still I had fun doing it I call my family down to eat breakfast. They all love my toast and my handmade orange juice. I real prefer coffee when I want to relax. I was at dentist and they had very nice coffee station for customer. They have this coffee machine. They had so many choices for coffee, like cappuccino, decaffeinated, hazel nut, French vanilla and Break fast blend. I chose break fast blend. It has slot for coffee cup. First I turned it on, then i chose my cup size to 20 oz. then I put the cup under, and pressed BREW. It started to cook and after a while coffee started to pour out from up> when it is done. I pour 4 half n half cups in t my coffee and added 5 pockets of sugar so it is like 3 teaspoons of sugar. I stirred it, tasted it. It was very strong so I added more creamer and more sugar. It was very good.Just make sure if do not like strong coffee then just choose small cup. First I discuss with friends who might want to go with me, and where they might want to go. Everyone has places they remember as a child or traditional family places with memories tied to them. If nobody wants to go, I'll go by myself. There's a wonderful place not too far away with miles of waterfalls and wading pools. It's a great place to go. All I really need for supplies is a tent, a lighter, newspaper, some booze, blankets, pillows, phone, flashlight and food. Well, I might also need hygiene products, a fishing pole, extra clothes and towels. I find that making a check list a few days ahead of time will help to remind me of and not forget anything important. Once arriving at the destination, the hardest part is setting up the tent. Starting a fire is easy, just need some sticks, newspaper and a lighter. I usually spend the day hiking, fishing and swimming. My brother has a new pool at his house.  He invited us to go swimming today.  I put on my new swimsuit and threw some shorts and a tee shirt on top.  Then I put on some flip flops.  I packed a bag with some sun tan lotion and towels and a few bottles of water.  Then we got in the car.  It was only a short drive to his house and they were waiting in the water for us.  I set down my bag on one of the chairs and took off my tee shirt and shorts.  I found the sunscreen in my bag and rubbed some into my skin.  My boyfriend helped me get my back.  After we had sunscreen on, it was time to jump into the water.  I sat at the steps for a while to get used to the temperature.  Then, I swam to the other side.  It was so much fun! I live on a large property of apartments that has several nice activities for it's residents to enjoy. One of my favorite activities is tennis! I own 3 different rackets, all different colors, and like to experiment with each one. My neighbor Bill, who enjoys tennis as much as me, usually meets me on Tuesday afternoons for a few quick matches. We start by warming up before we get into playing with each other. One of us starts by serving the ball to the other person and waiting for a return hit. The ball goes back and forth until someone misses a shot, or the ball goes out of bounds. The person who served gets the points and the person returning gets the ball to serve if they win. Bill has been playing for about 10 years longer than me, so he usually ends up winning. I find the game fun and a good way to exercise. I was going out with friends last night, and I wanted to take a shower before I went. The first thing I wanted to do was to wash my hair. I got out of my clothes and turned the water in the shower on. I adjusted the temperature of the water until it was comfortable for me, then I stepped into the shower. I got my hair wet by standing under the shower head and the water. Once my hair was wet, I reached over to grab a bottle of shampoo, opened it, poured some into my hand, then set the bottle back down. Then I rubbed the shampoo between both of my hands to work up a little lather. After that, I placed my hands in my hair at my scalp and slowly massaged the shampoo into my hair and scalp. I worked the lather down my hair from my roots to my ends. After my hair was fully lathered and clean, I put my head back under the water spray and began rinsing the bubbles and lather from my hair. I used my hands to help push the shampoo out of my hair, and I moved my fingers over the top of my head back to the bottom of my hair to make sure that all of the shampoo was rinsed out. Once my hair was rinsed, that completed the hair washing. My husband and I had just moved into our first home together. We had not been married very long and therefore did not have very many possessions to decorate with. We went to the store to find some things to hang on our walls to make it feel more homey. We found a nice painting that would look good in our dining room. When we got home my husband found his nails and hammer. I got out our new level and we picked out exactly where we wanted to hang it. We measured carefully to ensure that it would be centered on the wall and marked the spot with a pencil so that we would remember where to drive the nail. My husband used the hammer to put a nail in the wall. I then hung the picture up so that the nail was in the center of the top. We used the level to be sure that it was not hanging more to one side. I needed to write a school report on tigers , and I decided to visit the library to find a book to use in my research . When I entered the library , I saw hundreds of books on many different shelves and was not sure where to find books on tigers . I asked a librarian for help finding books on tigers . Are you looking for stories about tigers , or facts and photographs about tigers ? she asked me . I told her I wanted facts and real information so I can write a report . She walked over to a group of shelves labeled Nonfiction and told me that these books all had true facts and pictures , rather than being imaginary stories . They are put in a special order using number codes called the Dewey Decimal System . Using these codes , all the books on tigers would be in the same place and would be very close to books about other animals . She looked up the Dewey Decimal System code for tigers and wrote it down for me . Walking through the shelves with my code , I saw that the numbers on the spines of the books start at zero and keep getting bigger and bigger . Finally , I was getting close to the number she wrote down for me . There I saw books about lions , cheetahs , and finally tigers . I found a book that looked like it would be helpful for my report and brought it back to the librarian . She asked me for my library card , and after I handed it to her , she scanned it with her computer . Next , she scanned a bar code on the back of the book . Now the book was checked out in my name so that the library would know who has the book . She handed me the book and told me that I needed to bring it back to the library in two weeks . If I did n't bring it back , I would have to pay a fine for every day I kept it , because other people might want to read the book too . I thanked her and went home to work on my report . This morning I made an omelet. I got out a medium-size skillet with sloping sides and put two teaspoons of butter in it. I broke four eggs into a mixing bowl. On the cutting board, I chopped two green onions and one Roma tomato. I cut two ounces of cheddar cheese into cubes. I turned on the heat under the pan to medium heat and let the butter melt, swirling it around to coat the pan. I took a whisk out of the drawer and whisked the eggs vigorously until they were light and fluffy. I poured them into the hot pan, and sprinkled the vegetables and cheese over them. When the outer edges of the eggs were firm, I took a spatula and folded the omelet in half. I let it cook until the middle was no longer runny, then slid it onto a plate to serve it. I was traveling on vacation a few months ago , and decided to take a train to my destination instead of flying . I have always wanted to travel by train , and this was a good opportunity . I went online to look at the train schedules . There were quite a lot of them , so it took me a while to narrow down my choices based on when I wanted to leave and then arrive at my vacation destination . I finally was able to choose a time and date , and I purchased my tickets with my credit card . The day finally arrived to take my vacation . I went to the train station and checked in with the railway . They gave me a paper ticket , which I then brought to the rail line . When we boarded the train , we gave the ticket to a ticket taker , and he escorted me to my booth . It was fun and exciting . Finally after all the passengers were on board , we were off . The train seemed a bit jerky in the motion , but eventually it smoothed out . It was so much fun , seeing all of the towns and cities we passed through . Some we stopped at and some we just passed through . People would get on and off when we stopped . I was able to purchase some food in a car that sold sandwiches . I slept some in my car , which was a bit uncomfortable , but I did n't mind . Before I knew it , we had arrived at my vacation destination . I was really glad that I had taken a train , and was able to see a lot of our beautiful country .  My wife and I really love a television show and so we decided to throw a party for the season premiere.  We wanted it to be themed, so we decided to buy some party supplies from the store.  We got in our car and drove over to the party store where we bought a lot of balloons and party favors for our party.  We drove back home and set up the decorations.  When they were all set, we made sure to text all of our friends and to remind them of the party.  When the party time came around, a lot of friends showed up.  We decided to eat some chips and salsa while we waited for the show to start.  When the show started, we all got excited and started to blow streamers in our excitement.  When the show was over, we said thanks to our friends for coming over. To make toasted bread, first I take a slice of bread from the package. I plug in my toaster and set the dial to a medium setting, which should give the bread a medium brown color - not too light and not too dark. I put the bread into one of the slots of the toaster and push the lever down. I wait for about 30 to 45 seconds for the toaster to toast the bread. When the bread it toasted, it pops up from the toaster. I use tongs - wooden or plastic but never metal - to remove the toasted bread from the toaster. If it is not dark enough for me, I place the bread back in the slot and toast the bread for another 15 to 20 seconds or so. I remove the toast again and put either butter, margarine, jam, jelly, or honey on it, spreading it over the toasted bread with a knife. We are going to eat spaghetti for dinner tonight. There will be four of us dining together. The sauce is ready and now it is time to cook the pasta. I fill a large pot with water and place the pot on a stove burner. I turn the burner on, all the way to the highest temperature. I add a little salt to the water. When the water begins to boil, I open the box of spaghetti and add the pasta to the water. I take a fork and begin to swirl the dried pasta into the water. After a short while, the pasta begins to soften. It takes about eight minutes to boil the pasta. I want to make sure it is just right - not too soft or too hard. So I pull up one strand of spaghetti to test it. When it is done, I turn off the heat. I take pot holders and carefully lift the pot and bring it to the sink. In the sink is a plastic colander. I pour the water and pasta into the colander in order to drain the spaghetti. Now I can serve the pasta with sauce on top. Fast food restaurants are always my savior. It comes to my help at critical times. Looking at the choices, we decided to eat at chick fil a.We went there at lunch time, and there were so many people in line. But that way we got time to look at menu. So we all made our choices. The persons from our group decided to have chicken wrap combo, and other 2 decided to have spicy deluxe combo. They had so many people working, so It did not take time for our turn. We ordered it. The lady rang on her machine and total came up with 11.67. I gave my credit card to pay. She gave me receipt back.Waited may be 5 minutes or so and our food was ready. We look for the corner table so we can enjoy without much interruption. But we were not that lucky, because so many people. Finally we got to sit down, and enjoyed our lunch. Patty gathered up all the laundry that she had strewn around the house during her busy school and work week. She separated out the whites from the colored laundry, making two surprisingly big piles on her laundry room floor. She got down the new laundry detergent she had found for her nifty new high efficiency washer. She had been so happy with the new washer because while she did regular laundry in the top, down below she could do a load of delicates at the same time. She popped two of the new pods in the washer and put the setting for the white load on hold, just putting a little water in the machine. Then she put half the white pile into the water, leaving a little room at the top. Then she loaded the drawer washer with her underwear. She put the setting back on automatic. The washer whirred to life and told her she had 45 minutes before they had to be put in the dryer. When my friends were about to stay over at my wife and I's house this past week, we knew that we had to clean the shower if they were going to use it.  I got all of the cleaning supplies together out of the closet.  I had a lot of cleaners and also a toilet bowl brush to help scrub the bottom of the shower.  I took all of these things into the bathroom to get ready to clean the shower.  I put the cleaner on the bottom of the shower and then waited awhile for it to work.  After it was done cleaning, I sprayed some water over it to get it to work even better.  When there was a chemical reaction, I looked at it to make sure it was working.  When everything was done, I scrubbed and then put all of the supplies away in the closet. I had to do dishes because they had been sitting there for a few days. I ran the hot water and turned the cold knob until it was hot but not too hot as to not burn myself. I grabbed the sponge and the dish soap and started with the plates since they take up the most room in the dish drainer. I washed each one and placed them in the drainer when each was clean. After the plates, I moved on to the glasses and repeated the same pattern. I saved the silverware for last as I always keep one cup to hold them all in. I washed each one individually and put them in the silverware bin in the drainer. When I was finished with everything I washed the sink itself to remove the stains left behind by the dishes that had sat there. Finally I cleaned out the strainer in the bottom that was full of food and put everything away. It is Friday evening and the menu for dinner is fish. Mom takes the kids to the grocery store to pick out which fish they will have for dinner. After browsing through the frozen food aisle mom and the kids decide to have salmon. Mom pays for the salmon and they get back in the car to go home. When the family gets back home mom takes the fish to the kitchen and decides she is going to broil the fish with lemon. Mom opens the package and rinses the salmon with water in the sink. Mom decides to use the broiler to cook. The broiler is the small area under the oven that usually looks like a drawer. Mom opens it and removes the rack so she can put the salmon on it. A lemon is cut into pieces and mom uses the juice and a few spices to spread over the salmon. Mom places the salmon on the rack then puts the rack back in the broiler. She sets the timer for 15 minutes. When the timer goes off mom uses cooking mitts to remove the rack and fish from the broiler because it is now very hot. The fish cools for a few minutes ten mom puts it on plates for the family to eat. When my wife and I moved into a new apartment, there was a lot of things we wanted to fix.  We asked the landlord if we could help them to renovate a particular room.  He gave us permission to get started.  We wrote down all of our ideas of things that we wanted to do.  We also drew a picture of what we might want the room to look like.  We bought all the tools we needed at the store and all of the supplies that we would need to replace the old things with.  We started to break all the things that were broken and take them out of the room, including the old carpet and wallpaper.  We replaced the carpet with a new one that we had bought.  We replaced the wallpaper with a new coat of paint.  The room looked great and we put everything away when we were done. Jenny decided to have a BIG party to celebrate her upcoming tenth birthday.  She wanted all her friends and family to come.  First, she sat down a wrote a list of everybody she wanted to invite.  When she showed the list to her mother she said, "My, that's a big list!"  Mom went through the list with Jenny to make sure she didn't forget anyone. Then, they went to the store and bought a package of birthday invitations.  Jenny and her mom wrote down a name in each invitation.  After that, Jenny put the invitations into envelopes.  Her mom helped her write the addresses on the envelopes.  Then they went to the post office together.They bought a roll of stamps and put one stamp on each envelope.  When they were done, Jenny handed the pile of invitations to the postal worker behind the counter.  Soon the invitations were sent out to all of Jenny's friends and family. This morning I got out of bed and saw what a mess it was. The first thing I needed to do was pull the blanket off. I put the bottom sheet's elastic corners back on all four corners of the bed. After I got that fixed, I straightened out the flat sheet, pulled it across the whole bed and tucked the bottom of it between the mattress and box springs. I tried to keep the flat sheet even as I placed the bottom of it under the mattress. I pulled the flat sheet up at the top of the bed and made it smooth. Then I put my pillow back inside its case. I shook it down into the case and placed it at the top of the bed. Next, I put the blanket back on and tucked a little bit under the front of the pillow. I stepped back and glanced at my nicely made bed. Last Friday I drove to my beach house excited for a really relaxing weekend at the beach.  The weather on Cape Cod had been cool and rainy but the weekend forecast was beautiful and I was ready for really relax.  As I drove up to my house I saw that the grass was almost up to the front porch!  The following day I woke up and I went for a quick bike ride and then came home and decided to mow the lawn.  My lawn mower was out of gas so I drove to the gas station to get some gas for the lawn mower and I came home and filled it up.  I then started the lawn mower and mowed both the front and bake lawns.  The grass was so long that I actually had to mow the lawn a number of times before the lawn was short enough.  When I finished the lawn looked great! When my laundry finished yesterday, I had a lot of clothes that my wife and I had that were really wrinkly.  When my clothes get wrinkly like that, they don't look very good.  What I decided to do was to iron the wrinkles out.  I got all of my clothes together and took it to the bathroom where my iron was.  I got out the iron and poured some water in it through a hole so that I could make some steam too.  I plugged the iron into the wall and it started to get very hot.  That's when I knew it was ready to iron.  I placed the clothes on a ironing board on the door and started to push down so that I could get the wrinkles out with the heat.  The clothes looked a lot better and I put them on hangars when I was done with them. Christmas time rolled around again and I had bought all of my families gifts. Everyone in my family, except my mom, was receiving a gift card from me. The older everyone has gotten, the harder it as been to buy gifts. My mom's gift fit nicely in a perfectly square box. Now I just had to wrap it. I got my scissors, tape, and paper out. I rolled the paper out and put the box on it. Next, I made sure that the paper was going to fit around the box in all directions. After I was sure of this I went ahead and cut the paper so that I could begin to wrap it. I folded up and taped the top and the bottom sides. Next I folded the two open sides into triangles and brought them up and taped them on the same side of the box that I had already used tape. It was ready to go! I get a small piece of paper and a pencil and decide what I'd like to write down. I write SHOPPING LIST at the top of the piece of paper and underline it a few times. I put various things on the list. I put milk, eggs, cheese, bread, bottled water, steak, and watermelon. I fold the paper in half and now I'm ready to get to the store to use it. I drive there and I'm ready. I unfold my shopping list and see if I forgot to add anything. I don't think I did. I go into the store with a shopping basket and a shopping list in my hand. I go up and down the different rows looking for what I need to get. I find everything I want to find in the store and now I'm ready to pay for all the stuff that I bought. I buy them and leave. Today in class we are going to be painting  a mural for our  class graduation ceremony.  Our teacher wants us to leave our mark for the future generations of students to be inspired. Our teacher wanted us to pick our favorite color and to draw or paint anything we wanted on the wall of our classroom. I picked the color pink and decided to draw my favorite flower along with my favorite quote. I am not the best artist but I really wanted to try my best. The wall was freshly primed and super white, ready for us to paint on it. There was about about one hundred and thirty graduates, so we each had a specific time to take our turn to paint. I picked up a small paintbrush and picked up some paint and I started to paint the wall. The flower came out as best as I could draw and I wrote my favorite quote. In the end , the wall came out beautiful and it was a good idea. I was shopping this past weekend and picked up a new painting that I thought would look great in my living room. When I got home I had to figure out exactly what to move around since my walls are pretty full. I figured out a new way to move pictures around until I had a nice empty spot above my couch. I measured the distance between the two hooks on the back of the painting and put small marks on the wall the correct distance apart. I got my hammer and pounded a nail into the first hole. I used a level to make sure the second nail was level with the first. When I got it perfectly level I pounded the other nail in the wall. I lifted up the painting and lined up the hooks with the nails and slid the painting onto the nails. I stepped back and looked to make sure I liked the placement and ensured that it looked level. The painting looks great above my couch! I prepared a nice dinner for my family one night, so I wanted to set the dining room table nicely as well. First I laid a red checkered tablecloth across the top of the table. Then I got out five plates from the cupboard, one for each member of my family. I set one plate on the table in front of each chair. Then I got five forks, five knives, and five spoons out from the cupboard. I placed one fork and one knife on the left side of each plate, and then I placed one spoon on the right side of each plate. Then I got five napkins from the pantry, folded them, and placed one on top of each plate. Finally, I went to the cupboard and took out five glasses, poured ice water into them, and set one next to each plate on the table. My family enjoyed the meal. John needed to boil some milk for his creation. He was going to make the best dish for his guests tonight at the party. He was going to make a great dish and was determined to have everyone like it. He looked online for how to boil milk because he never needed to do it before and he was concerned he was going to do it wrong. So he searched how to boil milk on google and a bunch of different answers came up so he just chose the first one that popped up on the list of different answers. He proceeded to follow the directions to boil milk and the instructions said to boil it in a large pot until it starts to bubble which was easy enough instructions to follow. He continued to stir the milk until it bubbled and then let it boil for around two minutes and took it off the stove and stored it. He successfully boiled the milk for his dish and was proud of himself. This past week, I experienced quite a scare. I was out with friends at a nearby shopping mall. Everything was going just fine. We had went and ate some lunch, and went shopping to some stores we had been wanting to go to. Then, completely out of nowhere, one of my friends suddenly collapsed. I checked him to see if he was breathing, but could not feel his breath or a pulse at all. Panicking, I called 911. After letting the receptionist know my location and the situation, they informed me that an ambulance was dispatched and would arrive shortly. Sure enough, the paramedics arrived within minutes and carted my friend off on a gurney. My other friends and I wound up going to the hospital that he was being taken to so we could see him and be updated on his condition. Apparently, he had just fainted, and as it turns out, he would be discharged from the hospital just one day later. Two weeks ago I was out golfing with my friends.  We were having a good time and not paying too much attention to the sun, although it was very hot.  My friend was about to hit his ball when he started complaining of being dizzy.  He put down his golf club and sat on the ground, and then he vomited.  We knew the symptoms of heat stroke and called 911.  They instructed us to move our friend to a shady area and to lay him down with his head propped up.  They told us to cool him down with water, and try to get him to take liquids.  We had to watch him in case he vomited again.  We gave them our location and stayed on the phone with them until help arrived.  We could hear the sound of the ambulance in the distance.  We were relieved to hear that sound.  The ambulance drove up as close as could, and then the paramedics came in and helped our friend. My carpet is dirty, so I need to vacuum. I get my vacuum out of the closet and plug it in, and start to vacuum the floor. The vacuum sucks up any dirt or crumbs that are in the carpet, making it nice and clean. I run the vacuum over every inch of the floor, making sure to not pass over a single crumb. If there is a piece of furniture in the way, I move it aside so I can vacuum underneath it. Vacuuming is hard work, and it can take a lot of passes over the carpet to make sure it's totally clean. Once the carpet is clean, I take the canister out of the vacuum and dump its contents into the trash. There was so much dust and dirt in my carpet, it's a good thing I decided to vacuum when I did! Now my carpet is nice and clean. It was after dinner and my family and I were in the process of cleaning up.  The pots and pans had already been loaded into the dishwasher and the plates were scraped off into the trash can, removing the food scraps.  After that, I noticed the trash can was full and I needed to take out the trash.  I took the trash out of the can and took out a twisty tie from the drawer.  I tied up the bag and walked out into the garage.  I lifted the lid to the garbage bin and tossed in the bag. Then I went into the pantry and grabbed a new garbage bag.  I opened it up and put it into the trash can.  I folded the edges of the bag around the trash can and secured them so the bag would stay in place.  Lastly, I closed the lid to the trash can.  The garbage had been taken out. I was a Saturday morning and I had to go to my driving class.  I got ready and my parents took me to the place where I would have my driving lesson.  When I got there, a lady greeted me and took me to the driving car. I got into the driving seat and the lady got into the passenger's seat.    We got in and I started my lesson.  We went to the parking lot and I started to practice how to drive.  I learned about the pedals, and the shifts.  After I learned how to drive, I started to learn how to park the car.  So I practiced how to park my car in the parking spaces without making mistakes.  The lady said that we were done with the lesson for the day and that I would come another day to do other lessons.  I had a lot of fun. I love giving birthday parties to my kids! One of my favorite things is picking out the invitations. I always order them from the same person who does such an amazing job. Once she is done making them I pick them up from her. She provides the envelopes for the invitations. I make sure I have stamps before I sit down to start addressing them. Once I know I have everything I need, I sit down with my computer and pull up the addresses I have saved on a word document. I go through all the addresses writing them down on the envelope. Once all the envelopes are addressed, I put the invitations in each of them. Once I'm done stuffing the envelopes with the invitations I seal them using a wet towel because I hate licking those envelopes! I then take out my return address stamp and stamp each envelope with my address at the top left. I then put a stamp on each envelope and put it in the mail to send out to our guest. I needed to wash my daughters hair, so I began by detangling her hair with a comb. Once I was sure that the hair was not tangled in any section of her hair, I began to wash her hair by preparing the water. Using the water faucet, I use both the cold and hot controls of the water, and continue to adjust them until the water was warm. Then, my daughter bent over the sink so that her hair could fit under the water faucet. I use the water to wet her hair, ensuring that all of her hair from front to back was completely submerged under the water and wet. Once all of the hair was completely soaked in water, I applied a palm full of shampoo to my hand. I use both of my hands to rub them together in order to create suds with the soap and water. Using my hands covered in shampoo, I applied the shampoo bubbles to my daughters hair all over. I use my hands to massage the shampoo throughout her entire scalp, and showing to cover each strand of hair with shampoo from root to tip, but also ensuring not to pull, tug or yank on the wet hair in order to prevent breakage. Once the shampoo had lathered up completely and covered her entire head of hair, we use the lukewarm water to rinse the shampoo completely from her scalp and hair. Ensuring that there was no residue left over size of shampoo, I rinsed the hair for about two minutes moving from front to back and side to side in a repetitive fashion. Once I was satisfied that all the shampoo have been washed out, I applied a palm full of conditioner to my hand, and rubbing that between the palms of both of my hands. I then applied the conditioner to her hair using both hands, repeating the same process of ensuring that all of the hair strands and scalp was completely covered with conditioner. I even use a second palm full of conditioner and applied a second coating just to make sure the hair was completely saturated with conditioner. I spent about five minutes massaging the conditioner into the scalp and the hair, giving the hair time to absorb the nutrients that are in the conditioner. After that time period, I placed my daughters head underneath the water faucet again so that the running water could rinse out the conditioner. I use my hands to rob the hair and a downward motion to ensure that all of the conditioner was rents from her scalp and hair, but also laying all the hair and a single direction so that it would be easy to perform the next step, which is drying her hair. I take my showers at the end of the day in order to wash off everything from the day and go to bed fresh. I started the shower and made sure it was warm enough, but not too hot. I undressed and hopped into the shower. The first thing is to get my hair really wet. I have a lot of hair, so I need to make sure I really soak it! I grabbed my shampoo and put a quarter size amount on my palm. I then closed the shampoo and rubbed my hands together to get shampoo on both hands. I then ran my hands through my hair and scrubbed really hard. I made sure to get my hair really soapy, and take my fingernails deep into my scalp to get all the dirt out! After scrubbing for about 2 minutes, I place my head back under the shower and rinse all of the shampoo off. I wash the rest of my body and then I'm done with my shower. I do not like to fly but sometimes it is necessary. I am going to visit my friend in Chicago, so I have to go to the airport. I have a cab take me there. Then I go to the front desk and get my ticket. I don't like to check my bags, because sometimes they lose them and I'm nervous enough as it is. So I get my ticket and have the rest of my stuff on a bag on my back. Now I have to go through security. I take off my shoes and pass my bag through the xray machine. Then I pass myself through the x ray machine. Now I have to rush to put my shoes back on and run to my gate. Once at the gate I wait till they call my ticket section. then I board the plane. I find my seat and tuck my bag under my feet and get ready to fly. The garbage can in my house is getting full and is starting to become smelly. I think it is time to take the garbage out. Most garbage cans have a big bag in them. The bag is good in that it lets your pick up all the garbage in the can without dropping any of the garbage on the floor. Most garbage bags also have strings on the end you can tie together to keep the bag closed when you want to pick it up. I tie the strings of my garbage bag together, and lift the bag of garbage up out of the can. I place the bag on the ground for me to take out to the dumpster later, and get a new garbage bag out from a cabinet. The new bag is folded up, so I unfold the bag and open it up to let the air inside. After the bag is open and filled with air, I put the bag inside the can and wrap the ends of the bag around the lid of the garbage can. This way the bag does not fall inside the garbage can. My friend owns his own used car dealership. He buys many expensive and fast cars, and because we've known each other for a very long time he lets me drive them. One day he got a car that he knew was a favorite of mine, and invited me to drive it. It was a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. Its an SUV, but its also quiet fast. It was an all black Range Rover with blacked out headlights and tail lights. We got in and cruised around the city. It was a smooth drive and the flashy inside made me feel really cool. I really appreciated the fact that he had thought about me when he got this car, because he knew it was my dream car, so I took him out to eat at my expense. We both enjoyed a steak dinner, got back into the car and drove back to the dealership. I made fish last week for dinner. I removed a package of salmon that I had purchased earlier in the week from the fridge. I also removed a small baking dish from the cabinet and preheated the oven. While the oven was heating up, I removed the fish from its packaging and put it on a plate. I then covered it with black pepper, garlic, and butter. I then placed the fish into the baking dish and waited for the oven to finish preheating. Once adequately heated, I put the baking dish into the oven and set the timer. Once the timer went off, I pulled out the fish to check and see if it was finished baking. Using a fork, I poked the fish to see if it would flake apart easily. I noticed that the fish flaked very well throughout, so I turned off the oven and allowed the fish to cool for a few minutes. I then put the fish on a dinner plate to be eaten. I was getting hungry, so I prepared dinner to eat. I went into the refrigerator and pulled out the stir fry meal out of the freezer. I then got a pot out of the cabinet, and placed on the stove. I turned the stove on and waited for it to warm up. While that stove was warming, I opened the the stir fry bag in order for the food to start thawing. When the stove warmed up, I placed the stir fry in the pan with a little bit of water. After about 10 minutes, the food started to thaw. I then got out the bread and drink. After I did that, I poured in the sauces and more water, and brought the food to a boil, I lowered the temperature, and placed a lid on it in order for it to simmer. I toasted the bread and got the ice out of the fridge for the drink. Once the stir fry was done, I placed the food on the plate, and placed the food on the dining room table with the bread and drink. I find that cats are very good about reminding you when it is time for them to eat. They will meow and often stand by their bowl. I like to feed my cat a mixture of dry and wet food to give her some variety. So the first thing I do is head to the kitchen to see if there is an open can of her food in the refrigerator. If not, then I'll take a can from the kitchen cupboard. Next I'll go to my pantry and pull out a bag of her favorite dry food and mix a little of each into her food bowl. I am careful to measure her food so that she gets just a quarter cup of wet and a quarter cup of dry because I don't want her to be overweight. Then I'll take the time to make sure she has plenty of water before I set her dish on the floor for her to begin eating. My husband had a bad cold so I decided to make him some chicken soup.  First I went to the grocery store to buy the ingredients that I needed.  Then I took chicken and boiled it in water to make broth.  I let it simmer for about two hours.  While it was simmering, I cut up carrots, onions and celery.  I added them to the pot of broth and let them simmer for another hour.  During that time, I mixed flour and water to make a dough.  I rolled the dough out with a rolling pin and cut it into thin strips to make the noodles.  I added the noodles to the pot of broth and cooked it for an additional fifteen minutes.  I added some salt and pepper, tasting it to make sure it was seasoned perfectly.  My soup was now done.  I ladled some into a bowl and took it to my husband to enjoy. I recently went to visit my cousins in San Francisco. I had been looking forward to the trip for awhile because I had not seen them in about two years. I had booked the airline tickets two weeks in advance and just had to go to the airport to head to San Francisco. I went about an hour before boarding and took off in the morning hours. I arrive in San Francisco by noon and was greeted by my uncle, aunt and cousins. We drove to their home where I had a nice lunch. During my visit I went around San Francisco with my family and had a great time just chatting and seeing the sights. In total I stayed around four days. Once it was time to go back home, I had my uncle drop me off at the airport, I had said good bye to everyone before I left. That night I flew back home to Southern California. I had a great time. I needed to go to the doctor for a check-up. I made an appointment with the doctor's office and noted the day and time of the appointment on my calendar. On the day of my appointment, I drove to the doctor's office and arrived 15 minutes early. I checked in at the front desk and completed some paperwork that was needed prior to my meeting the doctor. After waiting about 20 minutes, a nurse called me back for my appointment. We went to a small room and the nurse measured my height, weight, and blood pressure. The nurse wrote down the measurements then led me to an exam room and asked me a few questions about my overall health. The doctor came in a short time later and examined me. The doctor checked my eyes, ears, mouth, lungs, stomach, and tested my reflexes. The doctor took notes during my exam and saved them on a computer. The doctor said I was healthy and that I could come back in about a year for another check-up. I thanked the doctor and left the office. It time to go to work, but work was far away for me. I knew I had to drive there because it would not be easy to ride a bike that far. I got in my car and put in my key and turned it. My car engine turned on and the radio started to play. My car was working well so far. I looked around in front of me and to the sides through the car windows. I looked for other cars close by, and for cars on the road in front of me. It was still early, so no one was nearby. It was safe to drive onto the road. I used my turn signal to tell everyone where my car was going to turn, and drove onto the road. Reading the road signs, I knew how fast I was allowed to go and where the road would take me. When it was time to slow down, I knew to use the brake and give myself lots of time to stop. Last night I took a bath . First , I plugged the bath drain . Then , I filled the bathtub with warm water . I poured some bubble bath mixture into the tub while the bath was filling so that my bath would have bubbles . . I then got undressed . When the bath was full , I turned off the water and climbed into the warm tub . I felt very relaxed as I lay in the warm bubble bath . I shut my eyes for a moment to enjoy the sensation . I then washed my hair , lathering the shampoo into my hair , then rinsing it off in the bath water . Next , I washed my whole body with a bar of soap . When I was completely clean , I stepped out of the bath and wrapped a towel around myself . I wrapped a second towel around my hair to keep it from dripping everywhere . I then unplugged the bath drain to let the water drain out of the tub .  My friend Jane and I play tennis at the country club every Wednesday afternoon.  We met up for lunch at the country club first, then we went out to the tennis courts.  Jane and I always wear white skirts and white polo shirts.  We lace up our tennis shoes and put on our visors so the sun doesn't get in our eyes while we play.  Sometimes Jane and I play doubles with Kelly and Rita, but today we are playing singles.  I let Jane serve first.  She tosses the yellow ball into the air and hits it over the net with her racket.  I run towards the ball and return it back over the next towards Jane.  The little ball goes back and forth several times until I hit it just right and Jane just barely misses the ball with her racket.  We do this several times until the game is over.  I won by only a few points! Molly was sitting in her room all alone, frowning to herself as she thought about the mistake she made. Molly was playing with her soccer ball inside, which she was NOT allowed to do and she knew this at the time, but she kicked the ball around inside the house anyway. At one point she went to kick the ball and most unfortunately tripped and fell backwards, accidentally kicking the ball very hard in the wrong direction, causing it to hit the coffee table, bounce off the wall and smash into the TV! This knocked the TV off the stand and cause it to shatter the screen. Mom and dad were very angry at first, but later explained calmly to Molly that this is why she isn't allowed to play with the ball inside the house. Instead of being upset about the incident, Molly's parents got on their computer and shopped for a new and much better TV to buy in place of the broken one. All ended up well, and Molly learned that if she would like to play with her soccer ball, she must go outside first. Last night when I was home and inside for good I got a shower before bed. I turned the water on to get it to the perfect temperature and stepped in. I started by shampooing my hair, I rinsed the shampoo out and put conditioner in my hair. I let the conditioner soak in while I put body was on a loofah and washed my body. I rinsed the conditioner out of my hair and rinsed my body off. I then put face cleaner on my face and rinsed it off. I turned the water off and grabbed a towel. I dried my body off and put my hair up into a towel to get the majority of the water out. While I was still in the warm, damp bathroom I put coconut oil on my face as a moisturizer. I turned on the bathroom ventilation fan and brushed my teeth and then got dressed for bed. In my teenage adolescence, the time soon came to take on the infamous right of passage known simply as "Drivers Education". If all of the standards are met throughout the tenure of this educational course, I may look forward to receiving the coveted "drivers license". After a short discussion with my parental unit we reached a conclusion involving what we determined would be best described as a pretest. We drove out to an empty parking lot and I assumed command. My mother explained all the pertinent details of all the control surfaces and how to properly engage them. As I disengaged the transmission and selected a gear, my nerves increased exponentially with the  motors RPM's. When the clutch engaged the transmission the car violently lurched forward. In a fit of fear I panicked and froze up completely stiff. The car lurched 2 more times before succumbing to my insolence. That is how I didn't drive a manual very well. My friend and I needed to get from Midtown NYC to Wall Street to meet with a client, and we decided to take a taxi. We made our way down the seven flights of steps from my apartment building and onto the street. The cars and taxis whizzed by as we stood at the curb, our right arms in the air, in attempt to hail a taxi cab. One by one, the taxis ignored us, because they were either occupied or didn't want to stop for us. It was then I took matters into my own hands, and stepped out into the actual street, with my right arm in the air. I spotted another yellow taxi cab and I waved my arm in the air, while standing in the street and making eye contact with the driver. He saw me, and slowly pulled over to the curb. Success! My friend and I got into the backseat of the taxi cab, and told the driver we were headed to Wall Street. We strapped in our seatbelts, and we were on our way. Once we got to our destination, I swiped my credit card in the card reader to pay for the ride, gave him a $5 tip, and we exited the cab to our destination. When I was ten my family renovated the kitchen of our house.  It was so interesting to watch the builders work.  They had many blue prints, that architects had drawn to detail what work had to be done.  They followed the plans by taking many measurement to make sure the work they did was correct.  They also had new cabinets and floors tiles and appliances.  They removed some walls while building out others, and laid a new tile floor.  They installed all the new cabinets and ran the water pipes and electricity to put in all the new appliances we got.  They had specifically built the cabinets around the fridge and stove so the two appliances slide perfectly into place.  It took them a few weeks to do but when it was done our kitchen was newer and so beautiful.  It had better windows and more lights and it was easy to get around and cook in it.  Renovating a room can be fun and really give your house a new look. Last week for the first time, I made scrambled eggs and it was a bit nervous for me knowing I had to. But my mom wanted me to so I could learn how to cook, So I decided to get serious and make eggs, she wanted to crack the egg open but very softly claiming too hard would mess things up. Following this I had to put the yellow egg yolk in a bowl and she told me mix and stir it until the yolk was completely dissolved into the rest of the liquids. I asked her what was next and she replied "Add Salt and Pepper into your mixture" so I stirred the salt and pepper with it as well and then put it into the pan on the stove and let the egg fry while I chopped it up into small little pieces making myself a delicious bowl of scrambled eggs! Last week I started feeling sick and ended up getting a sore throat and bad cough. It was very uncomfortable for a few days and the only thing that helped me feel a little better was drinking hot tea. In the pantry in my kitchen I have several boxes of different teas that all come in tea bags. They all have different flavors and smell really good. The first think I did was take a cup out the cabinet in my kitchen and then fill it with filtered water from a pitcher I keep handy. I then put a bag of Jasmine tea into the cup of water and then put it in the microwave oven. It was a big cup so I set the time on the over for 3 minutes on the highest power setting. When the tea came out it was very hot and I had to be careful when drinking it at first. I left the tea bag in the cup for a minute and stirred it up a little. The I took the tea bag out of the cup and threw it away and drank the tea before it got too cool. It made my throat feel better and I stopped coughing for a little bit. I had to keep drinking more throughout the day though until I felt better. when it comes to do the things in home by yourself, it needs more preparation than the professionals when they are at work. I was planning to paint the walls in my home. It was kind of stressful to me, especially i didn't want to look like mass. SO I decided to paper the whole room before I start painting. I emptied the whole room completely, and then used the papers those I saved when I moved. Those were big so it was easy to handle and they were quite sturdy and firm. I started with one side of the wall, and I covered each space by arranging them next to each other, and overlapping them, so it doesn't leave any space in between. Then I put the tape where I overlapped them so while walking on it, will not move them from its space.I made sure that it was secured on the edges, specially on the area which was close to walls. It was good to go. Last time I went to the dentist, I didn't feel like going, but knew that I wanted to honor my appointment. In the morning, I brushed my teeth as I normally do, but I also brushed them right before I went to the appointment. When I got there, I checked in and gave the receptionist my name. Soon after, they called me to the first room, where did they X rays. This was not the most fun thing in the world, but it wasn't long and soon after they started to clean my teeth. The process didn't last long, but it was still annoying. They scraped at my teeth and cleaned them, before finally flossing them. Finally, as the last step, the actual dentist came in and quickly took a look at my teeth before I left. This process was quick and easy and then I got my toothbrush and left. When I was younger, I really wanted to go see some dinosaurs at the museum.  I asked my dad if he would take me and eventually he said yes.  We got in his car and we drove a couple hours to go visit the dinosaur museum together.  When we parked his car, we walked a couple minutes to the entrance of the museum.  I remember him opening the door and the first thing I saw was a giant T-Rex standing right above me!  I gasped when I saw it and my dad laughed at how excited I was.  We went up to the counter and he paid.  We walked through the museum and listened to the talking TV's that told us about each of the dinosaurs.  There was even a place I could try to dig for dinosaurs myself in the sand.  It was really fun to do with my dad. I sat with my family in the pew of the First Baptist church in my fancy clothes.  My cousin and her boyfriend were getting married, and we were anxiously waiting in the sanctuary of the church to watch the ceremony.   Finally,  elegant music started playing, and I watched as my grandmother was escorted down the aisle of the church to a front row seat that had a reserved sign on it.  Then the soon to be groom's grandparents were also escorted down the aisle in the same way.  The bride and groom's parents came down the aisle next and made there way to the front of the church where a several candles were on display.  The couples parents both lit a tall candle that on both sides of a larger candle called a unity candle.  Once the parents were seated, the preacher and the groom walked from a side door at the front of the church on to the stage.  The preacher took his place at the middle of the church while the groom stood to the side and nervously stared to the back of the church waiting to see who would be entering next.  When the music changed, the back doors of the church opened and the bridesmaids and groomsmen started walking in pairs slowly down the aisle arm in arm.  The bridesmaids dressed in a flowing blue dresses and held a bouquet, and the groomsman were dressed in tuxedos with blue flowers in sticking out of their lapels.  They walked to the front of the stage and took their places on each side of the stage.  A cute little girl with a basketful of flower petals walked down the aisle sprinkling petals along the pathway.  The flower girl was adorable, as was the little boy ring bearer, who carried a small pillow with rings tied to them.  The music changed again to the Bridal March song.  Everyone in the church stood and faced the back door of the church.  As the doors opened a second time, the Bride stood there in a beautiful white satin sparkly gown and white see through veil that covered her face.  Her hair was styled in a braided updo and had little flowers peaking out of her braids.  She held on to her father's arm as he walked her down the aisle to meet her groom.  When they got to the front the father placed her hand in the grooms and took his seat with the bride's mother.  The preacher greeted the people at the church and talked to the bride and groom.  He said some nice things about love and asked the couple to exchange their vows.  The Bride and groom took turns repeating things that they had written about how they promised to love each other and be faithful forever.  The preacher asked the couple one at a time if they wanted to take the other person as their bride or groom.  Both the Bride and the Groom said, "I do" .  Then they exchanged wedding rings as a symbol of their love.  The groomsman who was the best man, and the bridesmaid that was the maid of honor had been holding the rings for safe keeping.  Once the rings were exchanged, a soft song was played and the couple went to light the unity candle.  They each took the long candle that their parent had lit, and used it to light the big candle in the middle.  This represented them leaving their parents home and starting a new life together.  When the song ended the preacher had the couple face the church and kiss.  Everyone cheered as they were introduced as the newly married Mr. & Mrs Smith.  It was a very happy moment followed by a dinner in the reception hall where we watched the couple share cake, have their first dance, and greet their guest.  Later the groom threw a garter to a group of single men, and the bride threw a bouquet to the single ladies in attendance. The couple that caught the bouquet and garter had their photo taken together. The bride and groom then got ready to leave.  We all gathered in front of the reception hall with a handful of bird seed.  Someone drove the grooms car up to the sidewalk so that the couple could make a quick get away.  The groomsmen had decorated the car in funny sayings and balloons. The car's bumper had streamers with cans tied to the ends.   When the bride and groom ran to the car, we threw the bird seed at them.  As they drove away,  the cans on the streamers were dragging and rattling behind.  It was a fun day that I'm glad we got to be apart of. My friends and I went to the beach one day to celebrate the end of the school year.  I made sure to bring along my camera because I like to take pictures and knew I'd like to remember our special day together.  When we got to the beach, I asked my friends to get together so I could take their picture.  My five friends got together by the water--three in the back and two in the front.  I made sure to get the best lighting and told them to smile and say "cheese!"  They all flashed their brilliant smiles and I clicked the button on the camera, closing the shutter.  I looked down at the screen on my digital camera, and it was a great picture.  I showed my friends the picture and they agreed it was a great picture.  I saved the picture and made a note to make sure to download it onto my computer when I got home. To get away from hubble and trouble, sometime I take a long drive in my car. The city , I lived is not very congested one. So driving a car is not a big problem. As my daughter always sees it as a magic. I told her, that a car runs on gas, as our body works on food as a fuel. The gas is fuel for car. When we burn the gas, car goes ahead.  I drove different cars in my life, and all of them were either Toyota or Honda. I  liked both. I always choose a easy way to reach place when I drive my car, even I have to pass through city. Driving a car sometime bothers me during night time, because can not really see the road signs good. I always prefer driving a car on right lane, unless passing. Always drive on speed designated for area. I love driving my car. I noticed that my car was running out of gas on the way home from work.  Luckily, I live right by a gas station so I did not need to go out of my way to refuel.  It was rush hour, so the gas station was pretty busy.  I saw an open pump and pulled up alongside it.  I pulled a lever to access the gas cap and stepped out of the car.  I walked inside and told the cashier my pump number, and put $20 towards filling up my tank.  I walked back through the warm evening air and unscrewed the gas cap.  I put the nozzle to the whole and pulled down on the lever.  $20 filled up most of the tank, and the pump made a noise to let me know that it had stopped fueling.  I put the nozzle back, screwed in the cap, closed the latch, and got back in my car.  I drove home, relieved that I now had enough fuel for many days. I was ready to change the look of my kitchen, so I decided to put up wallpaper.  I went to a wallpaper store and took about two hours looking through catalogs to decide what I wanted.  I ordered the wallpaper and when it arrived, I got to work.  Fortunately very few tools were necessary.  I had a pan to wet the wallpaper, which activated the glue on the back, and a brush to smooth it out.  First I set a plumb line, which involves a putting a light weight on a piece of string and putting the string in some chalk.  I put it in the center of the first wall I was going to paper to make sure I had a straight line.  I put the paper into the water to activate the glue.  Then I hung the first strip to be straight down the chalk line.  I smoothed out the paper, then repeated with the next strip.  I continued to do this until the entire room was papered.  It was a full day of work but it looked amazing! Sometimes I make a hot dog in the microwave. It's definitely the fastest way to do it. I just put the hot dog in the bun, and wrap the whole thing in a paper towel. Then I cook it for a minute and a half on high. When it beeps, it is perfectly cooked and steaming hot. I smear on a spoonful of pickle relish and a line of mustard, and eat up every bite. The trouble is, this way of cooking a hot dog is not reliable. Some brands of hot dogs have cold spots when they're cooked this way. With some brands of bun, the roll will come out overcooked and spoiled. I think different hot dogs and maybe different microwaves don't work the same way. This means that anyone who wants to make a quick microwave hot dog has to experiment a bit. I did, and I have perfected my technique. I was really hungry.  I wanted to make something simple and quick.  I checked in the refrigerator and saw there were a few hot dogs left.  I took the pack out and put a pan on the stove.  I turned on the fire and let the pan get hot.   Then I threw the hot dogs into the pan.  While they were cooking, I put a couple of hot dog buns on my plate.  I kept checking on and rolling the hot dogs over to make sure they cooked evenly.  When they were done, I took them out and put them in the buns.  Then I took the bottle of mustard out of the refrigerator.  I put a line of mustard on the hot dogs.  They looked delicious!  I walked over and put the mustard away.  After I closed the refrigerator door, I was able to come back and enjoy my meal. It had been some time since I changed my bed sheets so I decided it was time.  First I went to the bedroom and removed all the pillows from the bed.  After removing the pillows I needed to take off the comforter.  Once I had the comforter removed I pulled the old sheets off the bed.  I put the old sheets in a laundry basket to be washed at a later time.  I set the laundry basket by the steps to be taken to the basement so I could put them in the washing machine at a later time.  I returned to the bedroom and put a fresh fitted sheet on the mattress.  I then put the loose sheet and comforter on the bed.  Finally, I returned all of the pillows to the bed in the exact order I had taken them off when I started the whole process.  I was happy to have accomplished this task. Once when I was a child, I had to go to the dentist. I was about seven, and my front two teeth were starting to grow up into my gums and it was becoming painful. My mom took me inside, and when they called my name, we went back to a room where a dental assistant greeted us and cleaned my teeth before doing the actual extraction of my front two teeth. I saw her prepare the numbing agent so that I wouldn't feel the actual procedure. I was scared. When she attempted to put the injection around my gums, as a knee-jerk reaction, I bit her finger. She was really unpleasant about it. I mean, it was an accident, I was scared, and I was scared. So instead of attempting to numb the area again, she just pulled out my teeth with a pair of pliers while I screamed. She had me then bite on some thick gauze and lay back in the chair. I was given my teeth in a small, pink treasure chest and sent on my way. I don't like going to the dentist anymore. I was feeling hungry this afternoon, so I decided to make toasted bread for a snack. I invited my mom to join me and make some toasted bread for herself. We took out a loaf of whole wheat bread from the pantry and took out two slices each. Then we got the toaster out from the cupboard and plugged the cord into the wall outlet. We got out a stick of butter and knife and then me and my mom spread butter across each slice of bread. Then we placed the slices into the toaster and pressed the button to turn it on. After waiting for a minute, the toaster bell rang and the slices popped up. We took the slices out of the toasted and placed them on two plates. We each got a napkin and then sat down to enjoy our tasty toasted bread at the kitchen table. I was bored one evening and had nothing to do. I thought about watching a movie, but I was not in the mood for any of the movies I owned. I thought maybe I would rent one from a movie store. Most movie stores are gone now though, but you can still rent from a small kiosk in different places. I drove to the nearest store that had a red movie rental kiosk. I thought about which kind of movie I wanted to see. Using the touch screen at the kiosk I looked at all the different movies that could be rented. Movies that were sold out at the time were grayed out, and could not be rented. I looked through all the different titles and selected the movie I wanted. The kiosk asked me for my credit card and I slid it through the card reader on the side. I entered my zip code and pin number, and finished paying for the movie. The kiosk then gave me the movie from a slot, and I took it home to watch. After watching the movie, the next day I went back to the kiosk and dropped the movie off in the slot. I wanted to take a photograph of something natural. So I decided to go out side and see what I could take a picture of. After a while I saw a big green pine tree full of birds and squirrels running around. So I wanted the picture to have the big tree as the main subject. I took my camera out of the bag, turned it on, and made some adjustments so the light was just right for the photo. I made sure the whole tree came out, so I stood far back. I turned the flash off because it was in the daytime. If it was in the night or in a dark place I would use the flash. I looked through the viewfinder on the camera to see how the photo will look and I made sure everything that I wanted to come out did come out. I waited for the right moment and clicked the button, SNAP! The photo was perfect, it was just what I had imagined it would look like. I made sure to save it so that I can print it out later. The restaurant was terrible again and I probably should not have given it another chance. The management at the store level is obviously not paying attention to me so it is time to right to headquarters. I opened the word processing program on my computer and opened a new document. I went all the way to the right side and entered my street address on one line and the city, state and zip code below that. Next I entered the date and then moved all the way to the left and entered the street address of the restaurant headquarters and the city, state and zip code of the headquarters. I made it to the attention of the President of Operations by name. I started the letter with Dear Sir and on the next lines, proceeded to explain the problems I had been having with this particular location, it's service and food. I explained that I had tried to resolve it at store level but had been unsuccessful. On the final line, I went all the way to right and entered 'Sincerely' and hit return a couple times, then added my name below that. I printed out the letter and signed it above my printed name. I folded it and put it an addressed and stamped envelope, and mailed it to the company headquarters. Yesterday I made a Mexican Bean Salad for dinner. This recipe calls for three different kinds of beans (black beans, kidney beans, and cannellini beans), corn kernels, and many other vegetables that required chopping. I got my large cutting board off of the shelf and washed my best sharp knife. I started with half of a red onion. I chopped it up into small pieces. Then I chopped half of a green bell pepper. Next I chopped up a whole red bell pepper. Since the red bell pepper was so much smaller than the green bell pepper, I decided to use the whole thing rather than just half. Then I mixed the onion and bell peppers with the beans and corn in a large bowl. Next I made a vinaigrette to pour over the salad. The meal was very delicious and I felt healthy and nourished because it contained so many fresh vegetables. It was time to make dinner. I decided that we would have spaghetti for dinner, because everyone loves it. I opened the pantry door. I pulled out a box of pasta and put it on the counter. I grabbed a big jar of  spaghetti sauce from the pantry shelf. I put that on the counter. I closed the pantry door and went to the refrigerator to get a package of ground beef. I set it on the counter. I put a large frying pan on the stove and turned the heat to medium. I added the ground beef to the pan, crumbling it into smaller pieces. While it cooked, I filled a large pot with water and put it on high heat on another burner.  I stirred the ground beef with a wooden spoon while I waited for the water to boil. When it boiled, I added the long pasta noodles to the water in the big pot. I covered it almost all the way with a lid, but left a crack so that the water would not overflow. When the ground beef was brown, I turned the heat down to low under it. I opened the jar of sauce and poured the whole thing over the ground beef. I stirred the sauce into the meat and let it cook for several minutes. I pulled the lid off the spaghetti noodles and pulled one out with a fork to see if they were soft. They were almost ready, so I got plates out of the dish cupboard and called everyone to dinner. Then I  turned off the stove and drained the pasta.  I put a serving spoon in the sauce and a large fork in the pasta. Everyone served themselves. Recently, I've been getting more and more interested in cooking. In fact, just last week, I decided that I would make spaghetti. Since my parents don't like spaghetti, though, I only made enough to feed my younger brother and I. The first thing I did was prepare the meat. I cooked some ground beef in a pan, and drained the grease when it was done. Then, I added the sauce to the meat, and let it simmer in the pan for a few minutes. While this was simmering, I took out a box of uncooked spaghetti noodles and emptied it into a separate pot of boiling water. The noodles eventually all became soft, and once I noticed they were properly cooked, I emptied the pot into a strainer. The strainer is a special dish with holes in it, which make sure that the dish catches the hot pasta, and the water goes down the drain. Now that both the sauce and pasta were done, I put the pasta on plates, poured sauce over it, and called my brother over for dinner. Early each morning, the newspaper carrier drives through my neighborhood, tossing the paper out of his window into each driveway. Hours later, when I get up, make my coffee, and eat my breakfast, I walk out to the end of my driveway to bring my newspaper inside. I love to read about the daily occurrences around town and all over the world as I start my day. Reading the paper each morning makes me feel very informed. After I've brought the paper inside, I open it up and read the first page, then flip to whatever stories I find most interesting that day. Sometimes there's an important event around town that I'm interested in, sometimes there's a sporting event that I'd like to know more about, and other times, I open and flip right to the puzzles section to find my favorite thing in the newspaper, the crossword and sudoku puzzles. Today I decided to clean my home.  The floors were dusty, so I went to the closet and took out the broom and dustpan.  I cleaned the floors using a sweeping motion, making sure to check in the corners, behind the couch and chairs, and under the rug for dirt and dust.  I swept all the dust into a pile in the middle of the room.  I used the broom to sweep the pile of dust into the dust pan.  I carried the full dust pan to the garbage, and emptied it into the garbage.  Then I took the broom and dust pan back to the closet, and hung them back on their hook.  I took the garbage out of the garbage can, tied up the strings, and carried it outside to the dumpster.  I opened the dumpster, placed the garbage bag inside, and then went back inside.  I washed my hands and I felt good that my house was clean. Last weekend I invited over my friend Emily. We decided that we wanted to have a slumber party and decided to invite four of our friends. Emily's mom decided that she wanted to buy us a couple of pizzas and popcorn. Once we started eating our food we decided we wanted to play with the TV my mom. It was a little square box that had a rectangular slot on the bottom. Emily hollered I know how to work this I used to have one in my room!  She plugged it into a plug in and then turned it to channel three. She then looked at me excitedly and said do you have any VHS tapes?! I said I think I do and told her to come into my moms room. We opened up my moms trunk at the end of her bed, and looked in at her movies. Here's the titanic, yuck Emily said. We kept digging deeper and eventually found the lion king. then, i walked into the kitchen and made the popcorn while Emily rewound the movie. Once I got back Emily pushed the triangle play button and we sat down and watched it. It was about to be my sister's birthday, and I had picked out the perfect present. I got her a phone case that had lights built into the case, and it was supposed to be the perfect case to take a picture of yourself, since the lighting was so good. I was so excited about the gift that I'd found that I forgot it needed to be wrapped before I could give it to her! I went down into our basement storage room where my family keeps all of our wrapping paper for everyone's birthday and holidays. I picked out some funny wrapping paper with cats on it since my sister really loves cats. I sat down on the floor of the storage room with my paper, scissors, tape, and my sister's gift, and began wrapping. I cut a piece of paper about three times the size of the gift and placed the gift in the middle to fold the paper around it. I folded in the ends and taped everything together. I was proud of the job I'd done, since I'd never been very good at wrapping gifts. Finally, I put a pretty pink bow right in the middle of the gift because that's my sister's favorite color. She loved the wrapping, but she loved her gift even more! I did laundry last night after work. Since I live in an apartment I have to go either to a laundromat or use the washing machines in my building which are very small and expensive so I went to the laundromat. Some of my laundry I do not put in the dryer because I prefer to hang it to dry so it doesn't shrink. When the rest of my laundry was dry I stuffed it into my bag and basket to fold it at home and not spend any more time than I needed to in the laundromat. When I got home I dumped all my clothes on the bed and put Netflix on TV so watch while I folded. I didn't have a system of what to fold first, I just grab whatever is closest and make piles as I fold. I fold all of my t-shirts so they can be lined up in my drawer that I can see the design on every shirt rather than putting them in a pile. My pants get folded in half and then over again so they are in a square and fit nicely in the drawer. I fold my underwear in half and then in half again. My socks I don't fold, I just put them in a pile by matching pair and lay them in the drawer. Sweatshirts get hung up in the closet. I took my time since I was watching Netflix while I was doing it. One day I looked out my front window and saw a man I did not know yelling very loudly at the woman who lived next door. I did not want to go out there, because he seemed very angry and I thought might yell at me too. So I called 911. A nice woman answered the phone. She said, "What is the nature of your emergency?" So I told her that a man I did not know was scaring a woman who lived next door to me. She asked me my address, and I told it to her. Then she asked me if I thought the man had a weapon. I said I thought he didn't. She told me not to worry, that the police were on their way. Then she stayed on the phone with me, asking me questions like how old I was and where I went to school. Very soon, I saw a police car pull up in front of my neighbor's house. The woman at 911 thanked me for calling, and reminded me again to stay in the house until the man was gone. As a child , I loved taking baths . My mother always had to fill the tub for me so that the water would not be too hot or too cold . I 'd say that the ideal temperature for the water was about 90 degrees . My favorite part of taking a bath was the bubbles . I loved to splash around the tub and play with the bubbles . Once I sat in the tub , I used shampoo to wash my hair and a washed my body with a soapy washcloth . I made sure to wash behind my ears and on my face as well . Once I was clean , I would play with my bath toys for a little while . After some time has passed , I drained the water . After draining the water , I would stand up and dry myself off with a towel . I enjoyed taking baths because I often needed to be cleaned , I loved to play outside as a kid . I decided to bake a cake the other day . I took a look around my kitchen and I had everything I needed , so I did n't need to go to the store . I pulled up a recipe on my tablet and started collecting all the ingredients . Once I had everything on the counter , I looked at what measures I would need and got out the cups and teaspoons and all the bowls I 'd need to mix it in . I started by measuring out the dry ingredients like flour and sugar and put them in the bowl . Then I added things like the eggs and milk and mixed it all up using my electric mixer . About halfway through I turned the oven on to preheat . I finished mixing everything and got it into the cake pan . I set a timer and stated putting the dirty dished in the sink to wash . I decided that they would keep for a little while and waited until later that night . When the cake was done I let it cool off and put chocolate frosting on it . Everyone agreed it was a really good cake , and washing the dishes was n't that hard . I think I 'll bake a little more often .  Pete and Mary were sitting around the house on a Friday afternoon. They have been married for 30 years and normally don't do anything on Friday evenings anymore. After sitting around watching television for a while, they get a call from some friends of theirs. Pete answers the phone and their friends mention there is a dance going on at the local civic center for couples. Pete says okay and that he would think about it. After getting of the phone Mary asks Pete who it was and then he told her. She sounded interested in the idea of the dance and persuades Pete to agree to go. He agreed to go and so they called their friends back and told them they would be going. Pete and Mary got ready and Mary was excited to go dancing with  her husband just like they used to in their younger days. They went and ended up having a lot of fun and agreed to try and do it more often. A time when I called 911 was when somebody was robbing a place near where I was. I noticed someone robbing a convenience store with a mask over their head and so I stepped away and called the police.  I felt that the need to go away so that the person didn't see me and then take out my cellphone and dial the number. I then told them where I was and what was going on. After responding to my call, the police officers came shortly after and responded to the situation. I stayed in a safe place and gave them my contact information. Ultimately, this information was used to ask me about the event that transpired and try to gain evidence about the situation. I felt that this process was easy and that the police offers responded quickly and efficiently. They made me feel safe and were able to resolve the situation. I had to start making coffee in the mornings for my husband on the weekends. During the week he drinks coffee at work. But on the weekends he needs me to make it at home. The coffee make we have is for a single cup of coffee since I don't drink coffee. I put the coffee grinds at the top of the maker where they go, it has it's own built in filter. I then put water where the water goes at the top. I put the cup under the machine where the cup goes and turn it on. After a while the coffee starts dripping in the cup. I leave it there until it is finished dripping. Once it's finished dripping I add sugar and creamer to the coffee. I use Community Coffee original powdered creamer and regular sugar. My husband thinks the coffee tastes great so I am very happy with that! My family removed their carpet upstairs and replaced it with hardwood floors several years ago. I helped them with this task, which took a few days with all of us working together. First we removed the old carpet and pads underneath and disposed of them in a dumpster. We then put down a kind of paper that protects the flooring underneath. We also had to remove baseboards before putting down the hardwood. We began to lay the strips of wood along the wall, making sure to place each piece together tightly. Sometimes we had to use rubber mallet to do this part. We also used a table saw to cut the pieces of hardwood to the right sizes after measuring and marking them when necessary. After laying out all of the hardwood pieces, we replaced the baseboards and swept the floor to remove any dust or debris. We touched up paint on the white baseboards as well. John's dad orders the newspaper to come to his house every day.  It is delivered by the newspaper man, who delivers the newspaper every afternoon.  Today like normal, the newspaper man arrived around 1pm and delivered the newspaper by putting it into the mailbox just for the newspaper.  It is right next to the regular mailbox.  After school, John hops off the school bus, and checks the mail for his dad, and also checks for the newspaper.  He gets the mail, and the newspaper, and brings the mail to the house.  John loves to do this for his dad because he knows his dad is busy, and it is a sweet thing for him to do for his dad.  His dad comes home at night after work, and sits down in his favorite chair, and checks his mail that John left for him on the table.  He then reads his newspaper and drinks his coffee. Then his dad gives John a big bear hug and kiss, telling him thank you for his mail and newspaper. As I was about to start dinner I realized I hadn't unloaded the dishwasher yet and I needed clean plates for my upcoming meal. I opened up the dishwasher and began taking the clean dishes out. I started with the top shelf of the dishwasher because the clean cups and glasses are always the easiest items for me to remove. I removed each clean glass and cup one by one and carefully put them neatly stacked in the kitchen cabinet above my head. I walked over to the cabinet I store my pots and pans in and opened it up for easy access and began unloading my big cooking pots that I had used the night before to cook with. Once I got the pots taken care of, I carefully removed the rest of the dishes in the dishwasher, which only included a few plates and utensils to be put away in varies locations around the kitchen. Now I'm ready to cook my next meal! The day can not begin without good tea. As I finished my morning routine, I went to kitchen to make a cup of tea for me. I grabbed small pan which can hold 2 cup of water. I turned a stove on high heat, because it was just water that I am going to boil. I added the water in pan and put it on stove. When it started to boil I put some cinnamon for flavor, and 2 teaspoon of loose tea. I prefer loose tea which is made on stove rather than microwave. I let the tea boil for at least 5 minutes. Once I could smell the flavor of tea, I know it's ready. Then I added 4 teaspoon of sugar. I stirred it well. I turned off the stove, got the big mug, and poured tea through sieve. Once it reached 3/4 of cup, I added half and half, till it reached my desired consistency and color. The color of tea i very important to me . It was ready. Last year my husband and I attended a community theater production of Man of La Mancha. It was held at a very nice modern theater that is part of a community center in a nearby town. I enjoy the music in Man of La Mancha very much. I found out about the production in our local newspaper. The play started at 8:00 p.m. and since there were no reserved seats, we left early. We drove in our car to the theater. We arrived at 7:30. We purchased our tickets at the box office. They gave us a program which contained a lot of information about the play, the actors and production crew, and the community theater company in general. We read that program until the play started. When the lights went down in the house (which is what they call the audience part of the theater, where you sit), an orchestra began to play. The orchestra was on the floor below the stage and immediately in front. The music at the beginning is called the overture. They played the overture for about five minutes. Then the curtain went up and the play began. The show consisted of several acts, and at least a dozen songs. There was some dancing, and as this was a play about Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, the two main characters rode pretend horses which were like boxes around their waists but you could see their legs underneath. Man of La Mancha is a funny story with a sad ending because Don Quixote (really the author Miguel de Cervantes) goes to prison. There was an intermission in the middle of the performance where they stopped the action, put the lights on in the house (where the audience sits), and we went out into the lobby of the theater to buy a Coke. After intermission, we went back into the theater to see the rest of the play. We knew the play was over when the stage curtain was lowered for the final time. The curtain did go up again, one more time, as the actors came out onstage and we applauded them. We had also applauded them after every song during the play. Then the house lights went up for the final time, we left the theater, got into our car and went home. In the car on the way home we talked about how much we liked the songs. I was invited to a friend's wedding so I invited my boyfriend to go with me. We both dressed nicely but it was in a church with no air conditioning and it was hot outside so I wore a sleeveless dress and sandals. We were seated on the groom's side of the church with some other friends who we chatted with before the ceremony started. The music started and the groom and his groomsmen walked in and stood at the front. The bridesmaids walked down the aisle and the music changed, everyone stood and the bride walked down the aisle with her father. The ceremony was a very quick exchange of vows, the couple kissed and the pastor announced them as husband and wife. Everyone clapped and the bridal party walked back the aisle. The ushers let each pew out one by one where everyone greeted the couple and the bridal party on their way outside. Everyone gathered outside and when the bride and groom came out to go to their car, everyone blew bubbles. I was driving along the highway when I saw that up ahead, two cars got into an accident. I pulled over to the side of the road so that I could use my phone. When I was safely out of the way, I picked up my phone and dialed 911. I explained to the person on the other line where I was and what had happened. They also told me to stay on the line so that they could determine my exact location. Since I was not part of the accident, I did not have all of the information, but I told them that the accident looked bad and they might need an ambulance. After I gave them all of the information, I waited for police and an ambulance to arrive. This took about 10 minutes. After that, the paramedics in the ambulance helped the people who had been in the accident, and the police helped to clear the road so that cars could pass again. I start by opening the dish washer and pull out the top rack so I can start putting away the cups and plastic bowls. There are many cup on the top rack, some are glass and some are plastic. These are the important parts of dish washing so you know you do not melt plastic! Once I am done with the top shelf I go to the bottom where the plates and pans are. These are where the really dirty dishes go. But, you would never put plastic cups on the bottom rack because it would damage the cups and the machine. Once the bottom rack is done, I start on the silverware. I put each item in the correct slot in the drawer, knives, spoons and forks all have a special place. There are also some cooking utensils that have to be put away, some are in the silverware area and some are on the top shelf. These are to be put away carefully because they are sharp knives. Jessie and Dan had to wash dishes for their parents every Friday night.  It was one of their chores.  Jessie and Dan always started by first clearing table, and dumping any trash into the trash can from the plates and table.  Next, Jessie would start the soapy water in the sink, and fill up one side of the sink with suds and warm water.  The other side, she kept for Dan, because he was the rinser.  So, once all the dirty dishes were on the counter in the kitchen, Jessie, would stand at the soapy side of the sink , and start to wash dishes.  Then she would hand it over to Dan, who rinsed the dishes with cool water, and placed them in a drying rack.  Once they had finished with the plates, they would go to cups, and then silverware, and then pots and pans last.  After all the dishes were done, the sinks would be rinsed out and everything wiped down on the counters. After school got out for the summer, my best friends and I decided we wanted to go camping. First, we had to pick a location and plan our travel route. We decided to go camping in the Boundary Waters in the north of Minnesota, and that we would canoe from campsite to campsite. Once we did that, we started to pack. We needed tents, sleeping bags, hiking boots, clothes, water bottles, and enough food to get us through our week. We packed our hiking backpacks and drove up north to the beginning of the trail. We spent five days canoeing through the Boundary Waters of Minnesota, stopping at a different site every night to set up our camp and eat dinner. When we got to a campsite, the first thing we would do was pitch our tent and make a fire so we could start cooking dinner. My favorite dinner that we made was campfire macaroni and cheese, with s'mores as a dessert. Our five days flew by and suddenly it was time to go back home. I was sad to leave, but excited to get back home to take a warm shower! Every two weeks I like to change the sheets on my bed.  I like having fresh, clean sheets on my bed.  Today I changed my bed sheets.  First I removed the quilt off of my bed.  Next I removed the flat sheet, making sure I pulled the sheet completely off.  Finally, I removed the fitted sheet.  I decided I wanted to wash the pillow sheets too.  Nothings better than feeling soft new sheets on your pillow when you go to sleep! Once I pulled off all of the sheets, I placed them in my laundry basket.  Just as I was about to start putting on the new sheets I had taken out of my closet; my dog, Waldo, jumped up on the bed!  Before I could put the new fitted sheet on the bed I had to pick up Waldo and put him on the floor.  After that was done, I pulled my purple fitted sheet over each corner of the bed.  I made sure all four corners were completely covered.  I even pulled the ends of the sheet under the bed, to make sure they wouldn't come loose! Next, I took the flat sheet and spread it across my bed.  At the foot of my bed I made sure to tuck in the corners of the sheet, so it wouldn't come off in the night.  Finally I a pillow in each one of my pillow sheets, and placed them onto of the bed.  The only thing left to do was to put the quilt on top! After that was finished, I made sure everything was neat and tidy and that the quilt was on straight! Finally I could go to sleep! Yesterday I went to a sauna with my friend.  It was a Korean spa that is very popular.  We checked in at the desk and confirmed our reservation.  We were given robes and slippers to change in.  We changed in the locker room and stored our belongings.  The robes were very comfortable and cozy.  We then relaxed at the spa and went into the hot tub.  It was very refreshing.  Afterwards, we checked out the masseuse to get a foot massage.  We moved on to the sauna and stayed there for a couple of hours.  We ended up falling asleep at the sauna and taking a quick nap.  When we woke up, we were hungry so we got a bite to eat at their indoor Korean restaurant.  We bought some Korean short ribs, rice, and some beef cubes.  We really enjoyed ourselves and plan to return go back again soon. I woke up early on Monday because my mother was coming over for dinner and the place was a mess! I knew I had to straighten up or she would be disappointed in me. I started by picking up all the clothes that were on the floor and furniture. I threw them in a hamper and carried them down the hall to the laundry room where I started them in the washer. Then I ran around the flat collecting dirty dishes. I loaded them into the dishwasher and pressed a button to make it start. I looked around the living room. Still a mess! I pulled a trash bag out of the cabinet and collected all the paper, junk mail, and old food cartons and soda bottles that I had left out. I filled the trash bag and set it near the door to take outside later. When my dog barked, I remembered that I should vacuum as well to get rid of the fur all over the carpet. My dog didn't like the vacuum! When I was done with that, I took the trash to the outside can and came back inside. The flat was clean! A few weeks ago some friends convinced me to go dancing with them. Since I had not been dancing in years, I was a little nervous, but they convinced me it would be a great time. I was with my wife, who has always thought I was a good dancer, and honestly, she is terrible so in comparison, I knew I'd look OK. We ended up going to a place named Bongo's because my friend said it was laid back and had a good atmosphere that wasn't too young or too old. Right away, I felt like an old man because everyone there was so much younger than us. After getting out onto the floor, I didn't care about anything other than having a good time with my friends and wife. We had a great time and even learned some new dances from our friends and new friends we met. I bought seeds a few weeks ago from a gardening center. I only got the basics, a few types of tomatoes, cucumber, lettuce, and peppers. Tomatoes grow really well in my climate but peppers are hit or miss. I turned the earth by hand several times over a week, picking out weeds, roots and rocks each time. Eventually the earth was soft and aerated close to 10 inches down. I raked the dirt one last time and lined the edges with stone. I made rows of dirt for each vegetable and small mounds for the cucumbers. I poked holes where each seed would be planted following the depth and spacing  guidelines on the seed packets. I then dropped one seed into the corresponding hole for each row and covered them over. I lightly watered the whole garden, stepped back and imagined what it would look like three months from now. An omelette is a delicious breakfast meal that uses beaten eggs cooked in a pan with a filling of vegetables that are added during cooking. To start, I like to gather all of my ingredients and have them ready. I need two eggs, two tablespoons of milk, a  teaspoon of salt, a dash of pepper, and a  cup of filling that includes shredded cheese, chopped spinach and onion, and cubed ham chunks. Next, I beat the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. I beat it until its mixed really well. I heat the butter in pan until it melts, and then I pour in the egg mixture. It cooks really quickly, so I have watch closely.  Once the egg starts to thicken, I add in the filling to one half of the omelette. Then I use a spatula to flip over the other half, covering the filling. I cook that for about a minute, and then flip over the entire omelette and cook briefly on the other side. Then, I slide it onto a plate and I'm ready to eat. Last week, I called all my friends to see when they are available to come to my party. Based on when the most people were available, I planned my party and told my friends when it would be. Then, I decided what food I would have at the party. I thought chips and salsa as well as pizza would be nice, so I called a pizza shop to put in my order ahead of time. I went to the store to buy chips and salsa. Then, the day of my party, I cleaned the entire house by organizing everything and vacuuming the floor. I then set out all of the food and waited for my friends to start arriving. Once people started arriving, I turned on music for everyone to listen to and started talking to my guests. After everyone left, I cleaned up the mess from the party and went to bed. Today I went to a restaurant where I ordered steak for dinner. The waitress asked me how I wanted my steak cooked and I told her I wanted it cooked very well done, so that it wasn't raw in the inside and there was no pink meat. She took my order and told me it would take about 15 minutes to cook our food. After 15 minutes had passed, the waitress served me my steak dinner. I thanked her and we went away to help another customer at another table. I took my knife to cut my steak into smaller pieces to eat. When I cut the steak open, it was very pink and raw inside. I knew that this is not what I had ordered so I waited until the waitress was nearby so I could get her attention. She came over to my table and asked what she could do for me. I told her that my steak was not cooked how I had ordered it. She apologized and told me that they would get me another steak that was cooked well done. She took my plate with the raw steak and went back to the kitchen to put in my correct order. I decided I wanted to take a vacation, so I needed to plan for the trip. I wasn't sure where I wanted to go, so first I wrote down a list of 4 different places I wanted to go, a trip to Las Vegas, a trip to the beach, a camping trip, and a trip to Puerto Vallarta in Mexico. Next I narrowed down my choices, I couldn't afford to go to Mexico, or to Las Vegas. That left a beach trip or a camping trip. I decided I wanted to go to the beach to enjoy the sun. I thought about getting a plane ticket, but the beach was close enough to my house that I could drive and save some money. I looked on the internet to find a hotel near the beach that I could afford. I planned to stay three days, but I found a hotel that was less expensive so I could afford to stay for five days. Finally, I packed my bag with beach clothes and towels, and set off on my holiday trip. One of my favorite hobbies is playing tennis. When I play tennis, a friend and I go to a special place called a court, which is made just for playing tennis. The tennis court is a flat place with a net across the middle. To play tennis, we hit a ball back and forth at each other using big net paddles called rackets. If you don't hit the ball back when it's hit to  you, or if your opponent hits it so it goes outside of the court, you score points. Scoring in tennis is very different than in other sports. When you score once, you get fifteen points. When you score again, you get another fifteen points, so you have 30 points. Score a third time, you get 10 points, giving you a total of 40. If you score again when you have 40 points, you win the whole game! When changing a light bulb, you must do a few things to ensure that you will keep yourself safe and make sure that the light bulb will work. First of all, you want to make sure that the light switch is turned off so that you will not burn yourself. Then, you want to twist off the current light bulb and throw it out and twist on the new light bulb. Upon doing this, it is important to make sure that it is tight on the light fixture. After making sure that it is, you should try to turn on the light and see if it works. If it does work, you can be sure that you put the light bulb in properly. Then you may try it a few times, but you should feel comfortable that the light works well. You may stop your work and throw out the other light bulb. I called my tennis buddy and we agreed that we wanted to play tennis the next day. He called the courts to make reservations for a couple hours. We both met at the courts and we warmed up for a while and then we played a match. When our time was finished, we quit and had a cold drink court side. It was a great time for both of us and we completed our objective of fun and exercise. We left the court after having a few drinks and talking about our lives. We both agreed that we would try to make this a weekly happening and we decided to leave. Before leaving we had to pay for the court . We figured out how much we owed and I took the money to the pro shop  to pay. I also picked up some tennis balls and a new grip for the next tennis date. I take our laundry basket out of the bathroom and take it to our laundry room.  The laundry basket is near full, so I put the dial on the washing machine to Normal Load. I pull the knob on our washing machine to start the water flowing.  Next, I measure out the laundry detergent and pour into the washing machine's tub.  The detergent mixes with the water.  I then start to put the dirty clothing into the washing machine.  When I have finished loading the washing machine, I close the lid.  The washing machine wets the clothes with the detergent, mixes the clothing around, and then rinses them off with clean water.  Nearly a half hour later, the washing machine stops.  To finish the process, I open the lid and put the wet, clean clothing into our dryer.  I place a dryer sheet in the dryer with the clothes to prevent static.  An hour later, the clothes are clean and dry. I was spending some time with my friends at the beach and it was starting to get cold. Since we wished to stay for a while yet, we decided that we wanted to build a bonfire. My friends and I set out to explore the area and see what we could find in order to create a bonfire. We gathered a bunch of twigs and branches, since they would be good kindling for the fire. We also picked up a bunch of newspapers and other assorted paper items that people had left lying around. We then headed into the forest area near the beach and picked up a bunch of leaves and scattered plant remnants. We carried all of these items back to the place where we had set up our chairs and other gear and then we assembled it all into a large pile. My friend doused it all with some lighter fluid and, being careful to stand back from the pile, we tossed a match onto it. It flared up and burned brightly, creating a nice, warm fire for all of us to enjoy. The first time I took a bath , I enjoyed it so much that I did not want to stop . It felt like I was sitting in a pool of warm water . I was a young kid so it was a bubble bath and I had some toys to play with . Either my mother or my father would wash my hair for me then they would help me wash the remainder of my body . But they just told me not to splash the water and to keep the water in the tub . I would play with my toys and get all clean in the bath tub . After a few years I learned how to wash my own hair and I would prefer to take a bath over a shower since it was more fun to sit and relax in the warm water and enjoy a fun evening . From the best of my memory , I remember that I always loved taking a bath . Then when I am done in the bath tub , I would get out and wrap up in a huge dry cotton towel and dry off !  My tooth hurt very bad when ever I drank or ate anything cold. I needed to go see the dentist. I used my phone to call and make an appointment. When they told me the days I could come and the times, I picked one. I made plans to visit the dentist then. When the time arrived, I drove to the dentist. They were very busy that day, so I waited in line to check in. Once I did, the receptionist asked me to fill out the paper work I needed before I could go back. I finished it and was called back. They put a vest on me and took x-rays of my mouth. When they finished I was sent back to sit in a big chair. They shone the lights on my mouth and asked me to open wide. When my mouth opened, the stuck things in there to suck out my saliva. It was not fun. They told me I needed to floss more and sent me on my way home. I did the laundry for my wife and I last week.  When I was finished with the laundry, I would put it in the hamper and take it back to our house.  After getting home, it would be time to fold our laundry.  I poured all of the clothes out onto the bed.  After I did that, I got each piece of clothing and started to fold it.  I would tuck the arms of the t-shirts behind the body of the shirt and fold the pants in half.  To stay organized, I put them in piles after being folded so they would be easy to put away.  When they were folded into piles, I would make sure I wasn't missing anything.  I looked around to make sure there weren't any clothes that were hanging around.  There weren't, so I put the clothes away in their drawers in the piles. My best friend had her birthday coming up and I decided to throw her a surprise birthday party.  I asked her mother for a list of people she would want invited and then I went to the store to pick out invitations.  I looked at several different invitations.  I liked the pink polka dot ones and the blue glitter invites.  I decided on the pink polka dot initiations because my friend's favorite color is pink.  When I got home I filled in all of the information about the party. The party was going to be in one week at my house.  I made sure to let everyone know it would be a surprise party so my friend wouldn't find out about the party by accident.  I put a stamp on each of the envelopes and addressed the invitations.  After I was finished doing that, I went to the post office to mail out the initiations. Summertime is the best time for swimming. It is my best hobby. We have athletic centre, and they charge $15 to swim whole day. I prefer that instead of paying $400 membership fee. I was so excited to go as my kids loves too. We prepared our bag as we decided to stay there for whole day. We packed our swimming suits, towels, sun glasses, goggles, snacks and I decided to buy sandwiches from fast food restaurant. I made sure that I had sun screen lotions. We walk up around 8:30, and did good breakfast. Nothing to hurry because it opens at 10:00, and i do not want to go in cold pool. If it is heated, it will be much better. IT was half an hour drive from our home. This swimming pool has some slides and little water park beside it. We left our home at 10, and reached at 10:25. This is good day as temperature was in 90's and no clouds or raining. Good news. We Bought our passes and entered around 10:45. We swam, and took break for lunch.There were not so many people, so it was good space for us to do the things. My kids dive and went in to deep water. We had so much fun. I hope to go again there. I pulled my favorite shirt out of the dryer.  It was completely wrinkled.  I knew I couldn't wear the shirt looking like that.  I pulled out my ironing board and set it up in the utility room.  I grabbed the iron and plugged it in.  While I was waiting for the iron to get hot, I arranged my shirt on the board.  Once the iron was completely hot, it was time to start.  I ran the iron over the shirt slowly enough to press the wrinkles out.  I couldn't go too slow though.  Going too slow would leave burn marks on the shirt!  It took me a few minutes but I finally finished ironing the shirt.  When I was through, I carefully hung the shirt on a hanger.  I walked over and unplugged the iron.  I waited until the iron cooled off.  Then I put the iron and the board away. I have to clean the shower today. I gather up all my supplies: A sponge, bleach tile cleaner, a foaming cleaner for the faucet and shower head and ceramic shelves. I remove all the items from the shelves, including soap, shampoo and any other bottles. I place these items on the sink next to the shower. Next I spray the faucet, shower head, and shelves with the foaming cleaning spray. I let that soak in for awhile. Then I spray the tile and glass door with the bleach cleaner. This disinfects the surfaces, and also removes any mildew. I let that soak in. I take my sponge and wipe down the faucet, shower head and shelves. Then I rinse my sponge and wipe the faucet, shower head and shelves again to remove the foam spray. Next I scrub the door and the tile with my sponge, making sure to remove any mildew or built up soap scum. I rinse my sponge again and wipe the door and tile one more time to make sure the bleach is removed. Next I will run the shower and splash water on all surfaces, to double check that all the cleaning sprays are thoroughly rinsed off. Now my shower is clean. I noticed today that my lawn was getting rather shabby.  It looked awful, especially when it was compared to that of my next door neighbor's.  I went into my garage where I kept my lawn mower.  I tried to start it, but it wouldn't work!  I had no gas.  I drove down to the gas station on the corner and bought a couple of gallons of gas for my mower.  After paying for the gas, I put the tank back into the bed of my truck.  Then, I drove home.  I poured all the gas into the tank of my lawn mower.  Then I climbed into the seat.  I turned the key and it started!  I zoomed around my yard, happily clipping my unsightly grass.  Afterward, I rolled the mower back into the garage and turned it off.  Then, I took the key from the ignition and hung it on the rack. The grass looked great! We are renovating our whole home since we purchased it a month ago. I told my husband that I wanted to buy a upper, so we could put our own mark on the house. The task has been difficult but we have had fun accomplishing each task. This week we have to lay down all the floors in our house. I hired a contractor to do all the flooring in our home. We had everything taken out of the rooms and all the old carpet was stripped. I picked a beautiful maple wood flooring to go in the whole house. The contractors have been hard at work for a couple of days,  installing each plank of wood at a time. After the floor is laid out in one room ,they cover it with brown paper and start another room. The loud banging of the floors being installed can be heard throughout the whole house. After a few days, they finished the floors and it came out just as I imagined. One of the less funny things to do each week is clean my bathroom. I like to clean mine each Sunday. Every Sunday, I start by cleaning out my shower, I spray all the walls with a foaming cleaner, and wipe them down. I then clean the toilet, which is my least favorite part, because I think it's gross. Using toilet bowl cleaner, and a toilet brush, I scrub around all the inside of the toilet, let it sit for a little while, and flush. It turns the water a weird blue color. I wipe off all the surfaces of the sink, the toilet, and the cabinets with a wet towel and bleach spray, and mop the floor. Afterwards, my bathroom is shiny and clean, and I feel better in my house knowing I have a clean, nicer-smelling bathroom. I can spend the day knowing my chores are done, and have some time to relax. Saturday is the day I always clean my entire apartment including both of my full bathrooms.  To begin cleaning the bathroom I always start with the  tub because it is the biggest surface to clean.  First I sprayed the bleach cleaner into the tub and then I let it sit for a few minutes.  After a few minutes I scrubbed the tub until it was sparkling clean.  After the tub I sprayed the same solution into the toilet and scrubbed the toilet with the scrubbing brush.  I then scrubbed the sink and the faucet until they were shining.  Next I sprayed the mirror with Windex and cleaned that until it was as clear as could be.  My last step in cleaning the bathroom is scrubbing the floor.  I used my swifter wet jet and sprayed the solution and scrubbed the floor until it was completely clean.  Once one bathroom is done I do the exact same process to the second bathroom. I had just finished eating my lunch and knew it was time to go grocery shopping for the week . I always buy my groceries all at one time for the week and then cook everything over the weekend so that I do n't have to cook on a daily basis . Anyway , I hopped in my car and drove to Walmart which is where I usually do all my grocery shopping . I found a parking space close to the entrance because I knew I was going to buy a lot . I got out of the car , walked through the store doors , and grabbed a shopping cart along the way . I made my way down the fruit and vegetable aisles first , picking up bananas , oranges , salad mix , and kale along the way . I then added some fish , chicken , hamburger meat , and pork to my cart . Moving along down the aisles , I picked up all the dairy goods , spices , and snacks I would need for the week . With my cart stacked high , I headed to the check out line where the cashier greeted me warmly and began ringing my items up . My total came to $ 101.43 which was a lot of money but definitely worth it . The cashier bagged my groceries as I paid . Then , I pushed my cart full of groceries out of the store and to the parking lot where I would load them into my trunk . I put the cart in the cart holding area and drove away .  When I go grocery shopping I almost always take a list . So for me , the first step to shopping is list making . I list what I plan to cook this week , and also cleaning products and similar things . My favorite place to shop is a huge membership store , for its good prices . I pick up a shopping cart just outside the store . Then I enter , sometimes showing my membership card to the person at the door and sometimes getting in without showing it . I cruise past the impulse items just inside the door , and through the electronics and organic foods sections that come next . Next come many aisles with items like light bulbs and pillows . Finally I get to the food . There are usually people here offering samples of new food items . I often take some . I buy large packages of chicken or fish that can be frozen . Sometimes I buy fresh bread . I continue to the fresh fruit and vegetable section , where I try to restrain myself to what I can use . Next come the chiller and frozen foods , but I go past hem to pet food and paper goods . I get frozen food on the way back , and then a few canned food and dry goods . The last areas are pharmacy , which I mostly avoid , and the book section , where I 'm apt to linger . Then I wait in line for a while , pay , and leave the store . As I leave , someone checks my cart , to make sure what 's on my receipt matches the huge load I am carting home .  I am sitting on the couch eating chips. Soon, I am done with my bag of chips so I walk to the kitchen, open the lid of my garbage can, and put the chips inside. The bag barely fits because my garbage can is overflowing. I push the items on top further down, so that everything can fit. I realize it is time to take of the trash. I pull on the two colored drawstrings on each side of the garbage bag and close the bag. Then, I proceed to tie the drawstrings like I would when tying my shoelaces. I then lift the garbage bag out of the garbage can and walk to my front door. I open the door and continue out to my driveway to where my trash can sits outside. I lift the lid of this trash can and put my garbage inside. The trash removal crew will come and take this trash later this week; I just have to leave it here for now. I return to my house and grab a new garbage bag. I stretch the corners of the bag to fit my garbage container. Now, I can resume putting trash inside until next time. My wife and I had been living in this flat down on Main Street for about eight years. We were not the best of housekeepers while were there. It was a tiny one bedroom, one bathroom apartment with a small kitchen, dining room and a decent sized living room. There was only one closet, a very large walk-in closet in the bedroom. Put simply, there just was not enough storage space, so everything ended up piling up on the floor. Laundry, both clean and dirty ended up in a basket or on the floor because there was no room in the closet. When we moved out we spent two or three days cleaning the place. Cleaning isn't that hard, it's just determination. So, we each picked an area of the apartment and just started. We threw away everything we could live without and stuffed clothes in to garbage bags to take them to the laundry mat. We scrubbed dishes and put them away and then scrubbed down the counters once everything was off of them. We shared the worst job in the place, cleaning the bathroom. My flight was on time to Germany, but driving from Charlotte, I got lost. I was hoping to get on time I still had to check in my bags. Praise to God I thought I got lost but, actually it was also taking me trough same rout for Airport. My flight was at 9:30. I reached there at 6:30, then I had to park my car, because it was my personal car. So I rented the space by Ramada Inn. I took shuttle to airport. My family was waiting for me there, so I did not have to worry about luggage, that I already dropped it off at airport. Once I went inside, My family were already in line for check in. It was big but they were in line already so, it saved my lots of time. It took, i think about 1/2 hour for me to get on to station. She checked my bags in. They were in right limit for weight. All went though without any trouble. They put the labels on each and every bag, even the carry on. I put special marks of ribbon my all bags so it can be easily recognized. I was so much relieved. Then we went to security. That took at least more than half an hour. But it was alright. I was done by 8:30. We were ready to board. The last time that I changed my bed sheets, I remember them smelling somewhat gross and being half off my bed. I felt that it was important to finally changed the sheets and so I finally did it. I started off by pulling off the bed sheets completing and putting my pillows to the side. I then took the sheets and put them in a basket. Following that, I took them downstairs and put them into the washer. After putting  detergent on them, I set the washer to begin and started washing them. Soon after, I put them in the dryer and then took them back upstairs. At this point, I was able to put them back onto my bed and make sure that they were on tight. When I smelled my bed, everything smelled fresh and clean and I also felt refreshed. This was an enjoyable experience for me. My friend Margaret's favorite food is pasta. She comes over on Wednesdays and we make it together. Margaret always cuts up all the vegetables we add to the pasta. I'm in charge of cooking. I fill a pot with water and put it on the burner while Margaret gets to chopping. I add salt and olive oil to the water even though Margaret says it doesn't do anything. it's habit, so I like to do it anyway. Once the water is boiling I add the pasta. We always buy fresh pasta so it takes no time at all to cook. Only a few minutes. Margaret always brings over a container of her mothers sauce. Once the pasta is cooked I pour the contents of the pot into a colander in the sink. Then I put the pasta into a new pot and add Margaret's mother's sauce. Once it's all heated up, we eat. I so just had dinner. Then I watched TV for a while. Now it was time to go to bed. So I went to my bedroom. It was time to prepare the bed for good night sleep. So I removed my sheet from bed that I use during daytime. And applied new sheet for the night. Then I changed pillows. I usually sleep with very soft pillows. So I put those pillows properly on the bed. Then I got my blanked from my closet. I unfolded my blanked and applied evenly on the bed. Then I tried to remove creases on bed by stretching the sheet and blanket. Then I went downstairs. Got a glass from closed and filled it with water. I grabbed my glass and again went up. I put the glass on the side shelf of my bed. Now everything was ready, so I closed the lights and went to bed. It was time for some great sleep. Every morning I like to make my bed since I got a new quilt and pillows for my bed. I do it the easiest way I can because I really hate making a bed. I pull the sheet with the quilt together and flip it over a little bit, so it shows the sheet. I then make sure the pillows are looking even and fluffy. I put the pillows that have the pillow shams on top of each pillow that we sleep on. I then take the decorative pillows that I have and lean them up against the shammed pillows in the middle . Making sure it all looks good and even. I make sure that the fluffy blanket I keep on the foot of my bed is nicely folded. This blanket matches the decorative pillows I put on my bed. I step back and look at my freshly made bed and it looks very nice! After looking over places within a 15 mile radius I decided to try the new drafthaus that also doubled as an restaurant with outdoor seating. They had decent reviews, and beer that isn't common, reviews also claimed they had excellent food. I called to make a reservation for that evening, she told me reservations aren't normally necessary unless I planned on sitting outside, which I did. I made a reservation for 5:30 pm. I showered and got dressed around 4:30 (after my workout) and I picked my fiance up from work on the way to the restaurant. Before I left I made sure I had my wallet with cards and ID, house and car keys as well as my phone. I also texted my fiance to ask if there was anything from home he needed. We arrived to the restaurant at 5:20 were the hostess I spoke to on the phone greeted me, She confirmed the reservation and brought us through the bar to our seat out back which overlooked a beautiful garden maintained by the city. A time when I went to take a photograph was when I went to Niagara falls.  first stare at the majestic site of the falls coming down. Upon getting myself at an appropriate angle, I took out my camera and turned it on. I then made sure to point the camera facing the falls and took a picture. After that, I looked at the picture and attempted to determine if it was a great picture or not. I then attempted to take the picture again from another angle. I pointed the camera and looked through it. I then pressed the button on the camera and took the picture. After I looked at the picture and saw that it was a good one, I stopped taking pictures and I put the camera away. This was an easy process, but I wanted to make sure I got a great picture of Niagara Falls. My family and I always go to Florida for Christmas because that is where my grandparents live.  First, we look at the calendar and pick out the dates we want to go.  Then, we look online and price out flights.  We want to make sure we get the very best deal!  Then, when we finally find a good price, we go ahead and book our flights.  After the flights are booked, then we book a hotel.  The night before we leave we make sure we have our suitcases packed.  The morning that we leave, we drop the dog off at the boarders and drive to the airport.  We board the flight and fly down to Florida.  When we land, we call my grandparents and let them know we made it safely and we take a cab to the hotel.  Once there, we make arrangements to meet up with my grandparents and everyone has a good time. When I am having a party for any reason I like to send invitations that really explain the type of party I am having.  I prefer to send paper invitations because I feel like they are more personal than electronic invitations.  First I go to the store and I pick out an invitation that seems to work for the party I am having.  I then come home and begin to fill out the invitations.  I hand write the details such as the party time and location and I also note if I would like an RSVP to the party.  I then place all of the invitations into the envelopes and I handwrite the addresses on the envelopes.  Finally I put stamps on all of the envelopes and I walk to the mailbox to mail the invitations.  I drop all of the invitations in the mailbox and I wait for the RSVP's to come back. My husband and I decided to rent a movie from the library a few weekends ago. We drove to the library and walked to the video rental section. There were so many options that we decided to pick one each. It was laid out according to genre, and also had a small section with new releases that was near the front of the building. We spent several minutes looking at all of the movies. We read the back of several empty cases to figure out what each movie was about. I ended up choosing a romantic comedy and my husband chose a sci-fi fantasy movie. We carried the empty display cases to the circulation desk, where the worker was sitting. We gave him our library card, which he scanned prior to scanning each movie. He placed them in a bag, handed back out card, and printed out a small slip with the due date printed on it. We thanked the worker, and left with our movies. I like going to weddings. My friend Sally got married last spring. I knew she was going to get married, but I got a pretty invitation in the mail anyhow. I thought I would get her and the groom a gift. So I bought them a pretty throw rug for their new home. I wrapped it up nice. I dressed very nice for the wedding and took the gift I wrapped with me to the wedding. I got to the wedding early to get a good seat. I saw lots of other good friends and the wedding and sat next to Mary and her friend Stacy. We laughed and and giggled before the wedding started. The bride looks so pretty in her wedding dress. After the wedding there was a reception. The bride and groom cut the cake and fed each other. There was music and dancing. We had lots of fun. Weekly chores, it's time to clean the shower. I've gathered all my supplies. I have some Soft Scrub, sponge, small bucket, hard nylon brush, glass cleaner, paper towels, and sponge. I also have my elbow length rubber gloves on so I don't get the chemicals on my hands or skin. I begin by wetting the shower walls down with water and then I put some of the Soft Scrub on the walls and begin scrubbing in a circular motion. I like to do sections starting at the top and working my way down. As I finish each section, I rinse and move on to the next until the entire tub and wall areas are clean. I take my nylon brush and with some of the cleanser I scrub the corners and rinse until it is all done. Once everything is all clean, I wipe down glass shower doors with the paper towels for the finishing touch. Yesterday, I stopped at a fast food restaurant with my family. We had to decide whether to go through the drive-thru or to eat in the restaurant. We decided to go inside since the food would have been too messy to eat in the car. We walked in and looked over the menu hanging on the wall behind the counter. I read the choices to my younger children. They each told me what they wanted, included any sides and drinks. When it was our turn to place our order, I told the cashier what each person wanted. I paid for the order and was given my receipt. We then waited at the counter for our food to be served. Upon receiving our food, we got additional items we needed: napkins, condiments, etc. We found a table and ate our meal. When we were done, we cleaned up and left. Tonight, I went on a date with my boyfriend. First I had to get ready and look nice for my date. I took a shower, put on some makeup and picked out a nice outfit to wear. Once I was ready, my boyfriend drove to my apartment to pick me up. We decided to go to a nice restaurant that serves gourmet pizza. At the restaurant we looked at the menu and decided what kind of pizza we wanted to eat. I got a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese and my boyfriend ordered a Hawaiian pizza with pineapple. While we were waiting for our food to be made, we talked to each other about our day and what we did. We also talked about a TV show we both like and made suggestions for new TV shows we think that the other person might enjoy. Then our food was finished being cooked and was brought out to us. We ate our pizzas and shared with each other. It was so delicious. Once we were done, the waitress brought us our bill and we paid for our meal. My boyfriend drove me back home where he gave me a goodnight kiss and we parted ways. Yesterday I went to visit my mother. Since I am 56, my mother is very old, she is 76. It is easier to just go visit her at home than to go somewhere together and do things. It is important for me to remember to visit with all my older relatives, because since they don't get out often, they sometimes become lonely. So I try to take something for them so that after the visit is over, they will still have something to remind them I was there. I wanted to take flowers from my garden to plant at her house, but it was too hot to do garden work because the temperature was 95 degrees out. So instead I took her a case of her favorite soda to drink every day so it would remind her of me, and cool her off from the heat. She lives an hour away from me, and it is a long drive. I was tired when I got there, so we just sat outside on her porch and drank sodas. I talked about lots of stories of people we both know from when I was younger. Older people like to be reminded of stories of things that happened long ago, so I told her about how my sister Brenda had once made my grandma  laugh when she bought everyone in the family cheap little silly presents for Christmas. I said my grandma thought it was so thoughtful of my little sister to want to make sure everyone got a present, even if it was something little and cheap and silly. Somehow, talking about Christmas and drinking a cold soda made us suddenly not feel so hot in the 95 degree weather. I said goodbye and promised to visit this weekend, and the drive home didn't seem to take so long because I kept smiling thinking about the stories we told. Roger was nervous, and for good reason.   Roger was taking a driver lesson in a big car.  He had never tried to do a three point turn in a large car like that.  It was a truck, his dad's truck. So, when he got there, the instructor asked him to buckle up, and they drove off in the truck going regular speed. The teacher asked him to do several things, like take a turn left, turn blinkers on, stop, go, change lanes, all these things.  Roger had to do each thing carefully, while was checking for other cars around him.  He made sure he did not go too fast, and he did do all his turns well. He did not hit any other cars.  The one thing he did not do was turn off the lights at the end of the test.  He got back into the car and turned off the lights, and then locked the car in the end. The teacher was happy with his driving and passed him. My wife and I went to California last spring to do some work.  I did a competition and between finding out if I won and giving the presentation, me and my team decided to go have some fun at the beach.  We got in our cars and looked up how to get to the beach on my phone.  We drove over there as the sun was setting.  We got out our swimming suits, changed into them, and got out towels to sit on.  We brought our baby to go take pictures with us on the beach.  She didn't like the water very much, but we had fun.  We sat on the towel and watched the sunset.  Sometimes we threw rocks into the ocean to get them to skip.  After the sun went down, we got our things together and began to walk to the car to start our trip home. Last night, my friend and I went to go see a movie at the theater. We looked at the sign that lists all the movies, and picked a movie that we could see. After deciding, we asked the attendant for two tickets to that specific movie. She told us the total, and we paid it all. She gave us the tickets and we went inside. There we walked up to the concessions stand and ordered popcorn and a soda. After we paid there, we took our tickets up to the man waiting to tear them. He tore both tickets and told us where to go for our movie, and pointed in the direction. We found our theater by the number above it and following what he had said. We picked a seat, turned off our phones, and waited to view the movie. We kept quiet and watched the whole movie. After it was over, we picked up our trash and threw it out in the garbage cans as we left the theater. My wife and I took a trip to California and we went through a really beautiful mountain range.  When we were driving, we were very high up and we wanted to take a picture of it.  Eventually, we found a part of the road where we could park and take a picture.  We got out of the car and brought our phones to take a picture.  When we got to the beautiful place, someone else got out to see the view.  They asked if we wanted them to take the picture for us.  I said that that would be fine and we were very thankful.  The person used my phone to take the picture of me and my wife.  He took a while because he wasn't used to the controls, but eventually if worked for him.  He gave us the phone back with the picture shown on the phone right there. I was invited to a wedding. I bought a special shirt for the wedding. The day of the wedding, I put on my shirt and drove to the ceremony. The ceremony was at a church. The ceremony included some bible verses, songs, and the exchange of vows. After the ceremony was over, there were a few hours until the reception. I went home, changed my clothes, and went back to the reception. At the reception, I ate food and listened to speeches given by the wedding party and families. After dinner, I ate some delicious desserts. After dessert, the dance floor opened and many people began to dance. I danced for a little while with my friends. When I was tired, I sat down and listened to the music and watched people dance. After a few hours, I said goodbye to my friends, got my coat, and left the reception. It was a fun night. Some people get the newspaper delivered to their house every day, I prefer to only get the Sunday newspaper. When the weather is nice out, I like to take a walk to get one. There is a small gas station about a 10 minute walk from my house that I will go to in order to buy one. Last week, I got myself ready to go, I loaded my toddler into his stroller and took along a few dollars in cash. We started down the big hill to the store. A few minutes later we were there, grabbed a newspaper, and went to the cashier to pay. On the way back I gave my toddler the cartoon section to look at. He smiled at the colorful pictures. When I got home, I read the top stories, cut out some coupons, did the crossword and sudoku puzzles, and read the cartoons myself. After we were finished with the newspaper, we made sure to recycle. I am very excited! I am throwing a surprise birthday party for my friend tonight! I emailed invitations last week to everyone we know, and everyone is coming. The party is going to be at my house. My friend thinks she is just coming over to watch a movie with me. She is going to be in for a treat! I ordered a bunch of pizzas from her favorite restaurant. I also made strawberry punch, and baked a chocolate cake, as it is her favorite. I decorate my whole house so that it looks very festive. Her favorite colors are pink and purple, so I bought pink and purple balloons and have put them all over the house. I got a pink tablecloth and purple plates, napkins, cups and forks. All of our friends our going to bring gifts for her. When she knocks on my door, everyone will hide. When I open the door and let her in, everyone will jump up and yell, "Surprise!" It is going to be a lot of fun. I make tea every morning, it's the first thing I do after I wake up. I stumble into the kitchen in my boxers, reach into the cabinet over the microwave, toss two green tea bags into it and microwave for 75 seconds. Let stand for one minute. I then strain the teabags (even though you're not supposed to) and drop 3 vitamin C tablets and a teaspoon of lime juice. I add a teaspoon of wheat grass and a teaspoon of turmeric and other spices. I also add 5-15 mg of yohimbine as well as some branched chain amino acids. I stir this all up and then sip on it  and take my vitamins. i continue to drink my tea while I read news articles and scroll through Facebook for about an hour before my hour long workout. If It is a more relaxed day I will drink earl grey with cream and honey. Christmas is just about the only time of year I wrap gifts. The rest of the year I just use bags or give gift cards. But because I buy gifts for children at Christmas, I like to wrap them so they have the fun of opening them. In order to wrap a gift I first eyeball how big the package is. Then I pull out that amount of paper from the roll and cut it with scissors. Then I fold the paper around the gift. I'm not very neat with it because the kids don't care and are just going to tear it all apart anyway. Then I take tape and tape the edges off. Sometimes I get fancy with the folding of the paper, but usually not. I then repeat this process for all of the other gifts. If I'm feeling particularly generous I'll throw a bow on top of the gift too, with a card as well. Dinner was done, as usual nobody took care of their dishes or helped me clean up. I scraped the small amount of scraps off everyone's plates, rinsed the plates and silverware and placed them in the dish washer. I then scooped the leftover meat, and salad stuff into Tupperware containers and set them in the fridge. I rinsed out the kids cups with hot water and set them on the edge of the counter so they wouldn't dirt more cups that night, they can use the same cups all day.  I grabbed a clean sponge and wet it with hot water and wiped the table off. I rinsed the sponge with hot water added a drop of soap and wiped the table down again, I then repeated that again with just hot water. I also wiped off the chairs because the kids tend to get their sticky fingers all over the chairs as well as the table. I grabbed a hand towel out of the drawer next to the sink and dried the cups, table and chair. I love taking baths ! They are so relaxing after a long day . When I get home from work , often , the first thing I do is start to fill the bathtub . I set the water temperature to a nice warm setting . While the tub is filling , I will gather two fluffy towels and a face cloth . I also pour myself a glass of ice water to sip on while I 'm soaking . I go and grab the latest magazine that I 've been waiting to read and put it next to the tub . Once the tub is filled , I climb in . I start by washing my face and then my hair . After my hair is washed , I put a deep conditioner in my hair . Now , it 's time to relax . I let the conditioner sit while I read my magazine and sip some water . After 15 minutes , I rinse my hair out and then wash my body with soap . I rinse off and then give myself a few more minutes of soaking before I empty the tub . After I dry off , I rinse the tub out to make sure that I leave the tub clean and shiny for the next time I use it . My flight was scheduled to leave at 2:30 this afternoon for my trip to Hawaii. To be sure I boarded on time, I went to the air port at noon. This would give me enough time to check in, pass through security and find my plane. I arrived at the airport and parked my car in the parking garage. I placed my parking slip on the dashboard, locked the car and went inside the airport. I walked to the check-ins section of the terminal. After finding the right desk, I stood in line to wait to be served. The airline worker took my information and checked my bag.  The bag was placed on a conveyor that led to the airplane. The airline worker handed me my boarding ticket and told me which gate I had to go to. After this exchange he wished me a safe and happy trip and we departed. I walked up to the sink and it was full of dishes from last night and this morning. I really needed to get these into the dishwasher. I turned on the hot water an felt around for its temperature. Turned on the col water to get it to the right temperature. Then I wetted my sponge with some soap on it and started scrubbing some of the gunk off the dishes. It makes you wonder why we do this before loading the dishwasher. The entire point of having a dishwasher is to wash dishes. But I'm washing the dishes. I should be able to just load the dishwasher with dirty dishes with all the gunk on it, and it should wash them clean. That's the whole point of it. But that's not going to work. because the jets of water isn't strong enough to clean dried up gunk off the dishes. I've loaded the dishes into the washer, and put some soap in it, and closed the door and hit the clean cycle. I have to take them out once they're finished and dried. We all were very excited to go for picnic. We planned it with other family. We were planning for picnic whole day, so we wanted to make sure we use our time wisely. we shared the work, so we do not get overwhelmed. I decided to get chicken ready for barbecue, and bread and sauces. My friend told us that she has big grill so she will bring it with her, and she will bring drinks and snack items along with paper plates, napkins and fruits. We planned to leave early, as the drive was 2 hours from our house. The place we were going was by the beach, and they had good park for us to barbeque and eat. The best thing they had , good clean beach, so we all prepared swimming suits and extra clothes to change, towels, and soap. We put some snacks in my car also, if by chance on the road if anyone is hungry, we did not want to stop on the way to save time. Everything worked good. This past Saturday I went to the beach. It is only about 20 minutes from my house and on Lake Ontario, which is one of the Great Lakes. I took my toddler, Alex with me, we brought along some toys, snacks, and sunscreen, and off we went. The temperature was in the eighties, and it was bright and sunny, but being so far north, the water was too cold to swim in. We decided to play in the sand instead. Together we built a large sandcastle with a moat that allowed water to flow in. We threw a ball back and forth, watched boats, and ate some snacks. After we went for a walk on the long pier at the beach, Alex rode nicely in his stroller. By that time, we got tired out, went home, and took a nice, long nap. We have a great time whenever we go to the beach. Today is my wife and I's 10th anniversary and I wanted to cook her dinner to celebrate 10 awesome years of marriage. So when I got off work today I ran to grocery store and picked up a few food items I needed for our meal. She had to work late today which gave me plenty of time to prepare my meal for her. Once I got home from the grocery I began by defrosting the frozen sausage in the kitchen sink (filled the sink up with warm water). As the sausage was defrosting I grabbed a crock pot from the kitchen cabinet and placed it over the kitchen stove and turned the knob on the stove to "high heat". I quickly grabbed my measuring cup and measured out 2 1/2 cups of warm water and dumped the water into the crock pot. As I was waiting for the water to boil in the pot, my sausage that was defrosting was now ready to be sliced in smaller pieces. I grabbed a cutting board from a cabinet and a chef's knife from the knife rack and began slicing the sausage into smaller serving sizes. Once I finished cutting the sausage, I dumped it into the boiling pot of water and also added the jambalaya rice mix into it. I let the sausage and the jambalaya rice boil for about 5 minutes before turning the stoves heat down to let the contents simmer for 25 minutes. The jambalaya was ready after 25 minutes of simmering on the stove. I was notified that my aunt had died last weekend.  I called to reserve a plane ticket and a hotel room.  I packed my bags, and headed for the airport on the right day.  Once I arrived at the final destination, I took a shuttle to the correct hotel.  I got some dinner and went to bed early.  The next morning I was up very early in order to prepare for the day.  I got dressed and did my hair.  I called some cousins to ask what time they would arrive.  I planned to meet them at the church.  When I arrived, I gave everyone hugs, and talked in the hushed tones reserved for funerals.  I went to the graveside services after the funeral, and placed a rose on the casket at the end, and watched as it was lowered into the ground.  I went to the church for a lunch when this was complete. I look in the refrigerator to see what I will make for dinner. I see that I have chicken thighs, so I take them out of the refrigerator. I look at my recipe book to see what I should do with them. Then I turn on my oven to preheat it. I spray a baking dish with cooking oil, then put the four chicken thighs in the dish. I select some different spices and sprinkle them on top of the chicken: salt, oregano, and thyme. The oven beeps when it has preheated to the right temperature, and I put the chicken in without covering it. I turn on a timer for a half hour. Now I have to decide what to serve with the chicken. Potatoes? I take some red potatoes out and wash them in the sink. I poke holes in them with a knife and then put them in the microwave oven. I cook them for about ten minutes overall, but I wait so that they're finished when the chicken is ready, after a half hour in the oven. When the alarm I'd set goes off, I take the chicken out and take the potatoes out. The food is ready to go on a plate. I'll add butter and salt to the potatoes to make them delicious. I came  home from school after a long hectic day . Our gym teacher made us go 10 laps around the school track. I was totally exhausted by the time I came home. I wanted nothing more than have a hearty lunch and sleep till the evening. When I came home mom wasn't there. That meant only one thing, the lunch was already made and sitting cold on the kitchen counter. Usually when mom does this it's not much of a bother , I just load up the stuff in a microwave bowl and heat that up in seconds. But our microwave has been broken for more than a week now. I would have to heat that food on gas. I open up the jar to see what's for lunch today. It's spaghetti and meatballs. I grab a wok from the kitchen rack and poured the contents of jar in it.  It would have taken me 30 seconds in microwave to heat all of that but now I spent 5 minutes on the gas. Finally after five minutes I able to devour that pasta and go to bed for my afternoon nap. Every morning I am the first to wake up in my family-even if I wanted to sleep in, I just can't do it. The first thing I need is coffee. I stumble out to the kitchen and add the grounds to the machine and pour in some water. After the coffee is brewed and in my cup I have to add to it. I cannot drink my coffee straight yet, I have to add some sweet things to take away the bitter taste. So I add a small amount of milk and about two teaspoons of sugar. I mix it all up really well and then just let it sit for a minute. It is too hot to drink right after it has been brewed. After a few minutes I sit down to enjoy the quiet of the house before everyone wakes up, with my nice, fresh cup of coffee. When I last planned a trip, I thought about the kind of things that I wanted in vacation. I realized that I wanted to relax, but also wanted to have an array of activities and restaurants to chose from. Keeping in mind that it was the holiday season where it is cold here, I decided to go to Florida. I first talked to my sister and parents about going and then looked online for many days for cheap airfare. Upon finally finding some, I booked the airfare and remained excited about the trip. I selected our seats and paid for our bags at that moment as well. I then made a list of what I wanted to do and see while there and what was open and what was closed. I tried to develop a plan, but also wanted some of it to be relaxing and unstructured. Consequently, I did not plan everything. One night, my boyfriend told me he wanted to eat fish for dinner. I was excited because we caught so much fish on our lake last weekend and I was ready to cook some. I went down to our freezer where we keep all of our fish and grabbed a big salmon. I brought it back up to the kitchen and began to prepare it. Before I started preparing the salmon, I preheated my oven to make sure it would be ready to go. I butchered the salmon and cut it into pieces for us to eat. After the salmon was prepared, I seasoned it with salt and pepper, and wrapped it in a parchment packet to go into the oven along with some lemons, a sprig of rosemary, and asparagus. As I waited for the salmon to cook, I made a salad for us to eat. The salmon was ready and I took it out of the oven. We ate the delicious fish we had caught earlier that week and enjoyed a lovely dinner. I recently got a flat bicycle tire while riding home from work . As soon as I got home , I removed the tire from the bike and checked for the cause . Sure enough , there was a small puncture , I must have run over something sharp while commuting home . I then went to the local bike shop and the man at the shop recommended that I buy a patch kit , since doing so is much cheaper than replacing the entire tube . The patch kit was very easy to use as the instructions were very details . First I added glue to the area and then put the patch on top . After holding the patch in place for a few minutes , I added a little talc . I also added a little talc to the inside of the tire . Once everything was set , I put the wheel back on the bike and everything was good as new .  Last weekend, my friend Jose and I painted his living room wall red! He called me, and asked me to come over and please help him.  The wall he wanted to paint is very tall, and his wife wanted to paint it red.  They call this an accent wall because it accents the room.  Only one of the walls will be red, and then the others are white like normal. The red wall is the accent wall.  So, Jose and I started by putting a drop cloth on the floor, so we would not spill any paint on the carpet. Next, we used tape to cover the edges of the wall doors and molding, so the paint would not cover those spots.  Then we pulled out the paint cans, and the paint rollers, and started to paint the wall.  It was so red! We had a lot of fun making sure that the whole wall was covered.  We had to use even strokes, when we covered the wall with paint. It came out great! It has been six months since I got my hair cut . I usually get it cut really short and let it grow out to be shaggy . I usually just go to whichever local salon is closest , and I do n't have a regular person who usually cuts my hair . I only like to spend about $ 15 each time I go . Today , I decided get a faded haircut . The nearest place only charges $ 10 , so I was pleased with that . The lady who helped me was named Sarah , and she talked a lot about the weather and how much she wanted to be outside . She also asked me a lot about my job , and it turns out her husband also works where I work . The haircut took about 15 minutes and she did a pretty good job . It 's just the right length and she cut the back of my hair the way I like most . I paid her $ 10 and tipped her $ 5 . I left completely satisfied .  After I graduated college I lost touch with some of my greatest friends.  One day, I happened upon the address of my old college roommate.  I decided I should write her a letter.  I went to my desk and picked out pink stationary.  I sat down and wrote a long letter, detailing everything that I had been up to over the past few years.  I told her how I married my college sweetheart and about our three kids: Kate, Brian and Brook.  I told her how I accepted a teaching position at the high school and how we had just put in a new pool.  I made sure to include my address in the letter so she could send me a letter back.  I put the letter in an envelope, and carefully wrote her name and address on the front of it.  Then I put a stamp on it and put it in the mail box to go out the next day. The other day I decided to bake a cake so I got out some flour , eggs , sugar , and frosting . Once I mixed all of the ingredients together I put them in a pan and into an oven and set the oven to 400 degrees . I put the cake into the oven and set the cooking alarm for 12 minutes . Once the cake was fully cooked and the cooking alarm rang I took the cake out of the oven and let it cool off for a couple of minutes . After those couple of minutes were up I took some frosting after taking the cake out of the cooking pan and onto a plate , which just happened to be chocolate , and spread it over the cake lightly with a butter knife . Once I had completely covered the cake in frosting I put it gently into a box and put it into the fridge until I wanted to eat it . Once I ate it tasted really very good . '' , Nice Task Thanks Every night before putting my son to bed he gets his bath . we go up to the bathroom and I start the water and add his favorite bubbles . After he is undressed he stands next to the tub and giggles and dances watching the running water create a mass of bubbles ! I make sure the water is warm enough , because his baths tend to last a bit longer than most . When the water is ready , he throws in all his tub toys , lizards and dinosaurs , cups and cars . The cars are his under water taxi 's for the fish , he says . He sits amiss the bubbles playing with his toys and laughing . We do the toe test , which is when i look at his toes and if they are wrinkle then time is up . Yup toes are wrinkled , he laughs as wash his body and hair . I let the water out as he sits there and waits for the tub to empty , only then does he want to get out . He helps to dry himself off and put his pajamas on . Now it is time for bed .  Mom and dad has finally finished making dinner. Mom yells out to Bobby to come down stairs to help set up the table, so the family can sit down and eat. Bobby comes rushing down because he has been starving since 6:00P.M. Bobby sets down the table mats on the table, he grabs the plates, bowls, and spoons and places everything on the table. Mom brings out the main entrees and dad brings out the drinks. Steam is coming out from the freshly cooked garlic shrimp dish that dad prepared. A bowl of broccoli and carrots on the side, and some iced tea to complete the meal. Mom says, "Don't forget to get the napkins for everyone!" Bobby gets up grabs the napkins for everyone, so when everyone is chowing down, they have something to wipe the delicious sauces all over their faces. Bobby yells out, "Dinner is served, let's eat!" Just the other day, I thought about how boring my living room looked. I figured out that buying a painting would help to make it look a bit more lively. Thinking about what type of painting I wanted, I went to the closest home goods store to see what paintings they had available. It took some time, but I eventually picked out a painting that I liked more than the other ones there, along with some wall hangers. After bringing the painting home, I picked out a spot for it on my living room wall that I liked. I then used a hammer to put the wall hangers into place. Once I made sure that the hangers were perfectly lined up, I hung up the painting and stepped back to get a better look at it. It looked perfect, and I was incredibly happy. After this, every time someone steps into my living room, they feel it much more lively than before. This past weekend, my family made so much food that there was still plenty of it going into the week. Knowing this, we chose not to make any new food, because we could still eat the leftover food from the weekend. All we would need to do was warm it up on the stove top. The stove is a gas stove, which produces a flame that, in my opinion, cooks food much better than an electric stove. On Monday after getting home from work, rather than making a new meal, my mom took some of the food that we had saved from the weekend and put it into a pan, and put that pan on the stove. She turned the gas on until the burner ignited, and left the heat on until she felt that the food was warm enough. When she ate it, she swore it was as good as it was when it was freshly made. The other day , I finished reading the fourth book of the Game of Thrones Series . With the new season about to start on HBO , I wanted to get ahead of the show and continue reading the books in the series -- but I did not want to pay for the next book . Remembering that I had a library card somewhere in my desk at home , I went home and found it . I went to the library and after browsing the fiction section , I finally found the fifth book in the series and brought it to the check out desk of the library . I handed over my information and library card and checked out the book , getting two weeks to read it for free . I 'm now a quarter of the way through the book and enjoy every page of it while loving the fact that my taxes paid for me to read this and I had to pay no extra money .  One evening, I noticed my alarm clock had stopped working, because I had just checked the clock in the living room, and my alarm clock showed a different time. I knew I had to change the batteries. This is important as I need it to wake me up in time for work. I grabbed the clock, turned it upside down and located the slot for the batteries. I lifted the plastic cover and checked what batteries it required: two AA-sized batteries. These are quite common, and I got them from the kitchen drawer. I removed the old batteries by lifting them up, then I placed the new batteries in the same position, making sure the plus-side of the batteries (the little tip) were in the right direction, as it is usually engraved on the plastic. I closed the lid carefully, and the clock started ticking again. I adjusted the time with the help of my watch, and went to bed, knowing I would be woken up by my alarm at the right time the next morning. I was nervous about a date coming up with a friend later in the week. I wondered what could help me relax and feel better. I thought that a nice trip to the sauna would be good. The thought of the warm steam making me feel cozy seemed good. I drove myself to the closest sauna and payed to go inside. I went into a room first to change clothes. I didn't want any of the clothes I was wearing to get wet and steamy, so I brought a swimsuit to change into. The steam works best when it touches your skin, so you want to wear a swimsuit or a towel. I moved into the sauna room and sat on a bench in the warm steam. It was very relaxing to be in there, like a hot bath. After a while, I left and changed back into my regular clothes. I felt much better and was not as nervous after visiting the sauna. I was excited to go to the museum and learn more about history. I waited in line with the other people wanting to go in, and when it was my turn I paid for my ticket and then went inside. There was so much to see! There was a room about different kinds of rocks and where they came from. Another part of the museum had skeletons from all different kinds of old animals--dinosaurs, a sabretooth tiger, and even a mammoth! The plaques next to them told me all about when and where the animals lived. While I was at the museum, I moved from one room to the next and took my time to read as much as I could so I could really enjoy the trip. I spent all day learning about natural history, and there were still things I didn't get to see so I planned to return to the museum as soon as I could. It was a wonderful day! Time to make breakfast! I'll get the coffee started because it will be the perfect temperature by the time all the food is done. I grind the beans and put filtered water into the electric kettle and get it started. I need to put a filter in the Chemex and pour in my ground coffee beans. Meanwhile, I'll gather my ingredients from the fridge. I want eggs, butter, English Muffins, and Canadian bacon. A breakfast sandwich sounds good. I'll get the English muffins toasted in the toaster. My water just finished boiling, so it's time to pour that in the Chemex over the ground beans. I need to get the frying pan and put a little butter in there and turn on the pan. I grab and egg and scramble with a fork. My pan is heating and the butter is melting I put my egg in and swirl it to cover the bottom of the pan. While I wait for my eggs to set up, I'm going to microwave my Canadian bacon. Back to the eggs, they are almost set so I'll fold them into a half circle and flip. Grab my toasted English muffins on a plate. Layer my Canadian bacon and fold my freshly cooked eggs on top. I'll pour myself a cup of coffee and now I can sit down for breakfast. Looks good. Before you plant a tree , you must contact the utility company . They will come to your property and mark out utility lines . Without doing this , you may dig down and hit a line , which can be lethal ! Once you know where to dig , select what type of tree you want . Take things into consideration such as how much sun it gets , what zone you are in , and how quickly you want it to grow . Dig a hole large enough for the tree and roots . Place the tree in the hole and then fill the hole back up with dirt . Many small trees will need support until they are bigger . This will ensure they grow tall and straight . It is crucial to keep the tree watered ! It will need a lot of water at first . Mulch is helpful to keep the soil moist . It 's also important to wait until the threat of a frost has passed or is not in the near future . Giving care to your new tree will ensure that it will grow big and strong !  I was at camp and getting ready to lead a workshop teaching cooking on a campfire. Luckily it had not rained for a few days so all the wood in the area was dry. I had some large logs that were sitting by the fire ring so I went searching for some smaller sticks and kindling. I built a log cabin structure out of the larger logs. Inside the log cabin structure I put some very small tinder as well as some balled up pieces of newspaper. I lit the newspaper and continued adding very small pieces of wood to it. When the small pieces started catching I started adding larger twigs. As smaller pieces started catching on fire I kept added larger and larger twigs and sticks until the big logs started burning. I continued to add sticks so I could get a nice sized fire burning that would create lots of hot coals so we could cook on them. First I go to the store and buy bread.  For the freshest bread, I get a whole loaf and bring it home to slice it there.  I use a bread knife which makes cutting it easier, and cut off just what I need for the toast, leaving the rest whole.  I wrap and store the remaining loaf for next time.  Then I get the toaster out of the cabinet and place it on the counter, then plug it in. I choose the darkness of the bread - not too dark, somewhere in the middle for flavor and safety - then indicate the slice thickness using the knob on the toaster. I place the first two slices of bread in the slots and press down on the big button, which causes the bread to drop in and the toaster to get very hot. The timer counts down and I pay attention to it carefully, making sure the toast pops up and the toaster turns off.  I unplug it immediately but let it cool down before putting it away as it is very hot.  I butter the bread using a knife and then put away the knives and butter. I like to ride on trains because you can see lots of countryside without having to worry about driving . One time , when I lived in Alaska , I rode on a train from Fairbanks to Denali park . Just like with all train rides , I had to buy a ticket first and then I had to stand in line to wait for the train to stop at the station . Then I climbed onto the train and picked a seat . The different places you can sit in a train are called cars . You do n't have assigned seats like on a plane and the seats are wide for more than one person to sit . So , I picked one in a car in the back and sat right beside the window . After the train started moving , a train attendant walked through to check our tickets and then I stood up to walk around . You can walk from car to car on a train and can even go out of the back of the very last car and stand outside , so I did that . It was very fun to be standing outside while the train was moving and I hung onto the railing to be sure I was safe . Then I went back inside and went to the dining car where I bought a sandwich and water . After I got back to my seat , I ate and watched the scenery through the window . I saw lots of interesting things including a moose and we arrived at Denali right after that .  I showed up at the airport a few hours before my plane was scheduled to take off. I had all of my bags packed and my identification ready. I found my airline and made sure that I was in the right terminal. I checked my bags and kept my carry on bag with me. I printed off my boarding pass and went through security. I put all of my metal objects in a basket to leave with the security agent. I took off my jacket and went through a metal detector. Then, I got all the items back from the TSA agent. I checked my boarding pass to see what gate I needed to be at to get on my place. I went to my gate, so I would be waiting in the right place. Since I had extra time, I got a coffee from one of the vending areas and read a magazine until it was time to get on my plane. I miss my best friend Shelly and so I decided to send her a letter telling her all about my trip to my sisters house in Alaska, and to also tell her that I hoped she was well. I finished writing my letter and as I went to find a stamp and an envelope I needed to send it, I had found that I did not have any. I went to a store that sells cards and envelopes, and chose a box of pretty purple-colored envelopes to mail my letter in.  After that I went to the post office to purchase some stamps that are like small stickers, and chose a heart design that I liked. I only needed one to send the letter but I bought more so that I could send another letter soon if I wanted to. When I got home I filled out the envelope with Shellys name and address in the middle, and wrote my sisters address in the top left corner of the envelope. I stuck the stamp with the heart design on it in the upper right corner. Now it was ready to be put in the mail and she will receive it in about one week. I drove to the post office and put my letter in the outgoing mail slot. Shelly will be so surprised! I needed to visit my Grandma upstate , so I decided to take a train . I purchased my tickets online and printed out a receipt . I packed a bag . The next day , I headed over to the train station and checked in at the ticket counter . I was early , so I picked a spot on a bench and sat down . After a short while , everybody lined up to get on the train . A train worker checked all of our tickets . I entered the train and picked out a seat for myself . Then I loaded my bag overhead . Once everyone was on the train , our conductor announced that we were leaving the station . Another train worker came around and took everyone 's tickets from them . I spent the ride looking at scenery out the window and reading mostly . Eventually , the train conductor announced my stop . I retrieved my bag from the overhead compartment , and headed downstairs and off of the train .  One afternoon when I was visiting with friends, we suddenly got very hungry!  So, we decided to order a pizza.  I looked in the telephone book and found several pizza restaurants that would deliver.  We all talked it over and settled on a pizza from Domino's.  Then we discussed what we would like on our pizza and what size we should get.  I called the number and gave our order to the person who answered.  We ordered a large pepperoni and onion pizza with extra cheese.  He told me that our pizza would cost $15.00.  I said that would be fine and asked if the pizza could be delivered.  He said, "yes" and asked for my address.  I then gave him my name, address, and phone number.  He told me that our pizza would be delivered in 30 minutes.  When the delivery boy arrived, we paid for our pizza and included a $2.00 tip.  Then we enjoyed eating our pizza! The previous night and this morning before work I noticed I was missing a lot of necessary ingredients for my future meals . I planned out a trip to the grocery store immediately after work . After I finished working I drove over to the store . It was very crowded but not too hard to find a parking spot . Once inside the store , I grabbed the nearest shopping cart and smiled as one of the grocery workers welcomed me in . Once inside and out of everyone 's way , I thought about what I needed . Since I did n't have a list written down , it took me a few minutes . Once I came up with the list in my head , I started to map out a route in my head that would take the least amount of time for me to follow in the store . First , I picked up my deli . They offered me some free samples of the meat I asked for . Then I picked up my bread which was right nearby . At the back wall of the store I found the meat I was going to cook tonight . After that , I grabbed a few extra items that I thought might also be nice later this week while heading towards checkout . Luckily , there was n't a line and this was done quickly . I paid with my debit card and left with all my groceries in a cart , packed them into my car , and headed home .  My family and I decided that the evening was beautiful so we wanted to have a bonfire.  First, my husband went to our shed and gathered some dry wood.  I placed camp chairs around our fire pit.  Then my husband placed the dry wood in a pyramid shape inside the fire pit.  He then set some small kindling ablaze using a long lighter.  Once the kindling reached the dry wood, it set the wood on fire.  We then sat around the fire for some time, adding more logs as the previous ones burned out.  We cooked marshmallows on sticks over the open flames.  When the marshmallows were golden brown, we placed them between two graham crackers with chocolate pieces.  We ate our S'mores as we joked, laughed and told stories around our beautiful fire.  When we finished, I put away our camp chairs.  My husband made sure the fire was out by dousing it with some water and we went inside to bed. I like to stay in touch with my family and friends.  Usually when we are busy we stay in touch by texting but we like to hear each others voices so we often call each other.  My friends and brother like to use our cell phones.  I give them all a special ring tone so I know who it is right away when they call.  I take my phone out of my pocket and look at the face and see my brother or friends picture.  Then I swipe the green phone icon and hold it to my ear and say "Hi There."  But sometimes I still use land lines, like when I am at work or my grandparents house.  Then I will hear the classic ring of an old phone, and I will have to go over to the phone to pick it up.  I take the receiver off the cradle its sitting on and hold it to my ear and say "Hello."  The person on the other end will have to introduce themselves, because I wont know who has called.  But usually I am lucky and its someone I want to talk to, so its a fun surprise. Last night after dinner, I had "dishwasher duty." That means that it was my turn to do the dishes and unload the dishwasher. After the dishwasher had washed the dishes, I first opened the door to the dishwasher. I unloaded the bottom rack first. That way, if any water drips or leftover food were stuck on the dishes still, they wouldn't trickle down to my clean dishes. The bottom drawer usually has my plates in it. After unloading the bottom drawer, I unloaded the top drawer, which usually contains my cups, utensils, and my bowls. I use a towel to dry off any leftover water drips. I then put all of the dishes back into the original cupboard places that they came from. That means that I put my plates in the cupboard near my sink, and I put my cups in the cupboard near my fridge. Lastly, I put my utensils and bowls in a cupboard near the microwave. I needed to clean up my flat. I had to get my broom and vacuum and all the cleaners I would need. I started by going around and picking up any garbage I seem, like used candy wrappers and old bottles of water.I threw them away. I went around and picked up and dishes that were out and put them in the sink then washed them. I used my broom to sweep up all the dust and dirt off the floors the hard floors, and the vacuum to clean up the floors that had rugs and carpets. When the hard floors were swept, I used a bucket with floor cleaner and water, and a mop, to mop them up. As the dried I took a rag and began dusting everything in the room. The t.v., the tables and counters and everything else that was a hard surface, I used the rag to dust. My flat looked very nice when it was clean. I wanted to have a nice dinner with my friends and family, so I cooked all of our favorite foods and invited everyone over. I decided to go ahead and set the dining table before everyone arrived. I put the place mats in front of each chair at the table. I then placed dinner plates on each of the place mats. I folded my favorite napkins neatly and placed on beside each plate. I also made sure that everyone had a fork, knife and spoon. The last thing I put at each place were the glasses. I gave every person one glass for water and another glass for any other drink they might want. I had tea, soda and milk for the children. Before I placed all this on the table, I made sure to put my favorite red tablecloth on the table. Everyone sat to eat and we had a delicious dinner together. Heather and her mom always do laundry on Thursday nights.  Every Thursday, they start with gathering all the dirty clothes from the hampers in each bedroom, and bathroom. Then, they put them into a larger basket and bring them to the laundry room.  They sort the clothes carefully into three main piles : colors, whites, and darks.  Sometimes there is a fourth pile, it is for delicates.    After they sort these clothes, they put in the first pile of clothes along with detergent, into the washer and turn the washing machine on.  They pick the water temperature they want, and let it wash those clothes.  After the first load is done, they put it into the drier. They start another wash load as the first one is drying.  They keep doing this until all the clothes piles are washed and dried.  They fold all the clothes, and put them in the rooms they came from for the other kids to put them away. I have a cat and his name is Felix. He needs to get some food every day so that he stays alive. When I wake up in the morning it is my turn to feed Felix. I go to the cupboard below the sink and find the tin of his cat food. It is a fishy one. Felix likes fishy food. I get the can opener and twist it so that the lid of the tin comes off. Inside there is a brown and jelly mixture that doesn't smell too good to me. Felix has already smelled it and he is purring at my leg. I find Felix's bowl and turn the tin over until the food drops out into the bowl. I mash it up a little with a fork and then put the bowl down beside Felix. He starts to eat right away. He must have been hungry. I also give him a little bit of water because he needs to drink also. Yesterday, I went on a date with my husband. We decided to go on a picnic in the park. Before the date, I got out our picnic basket so I could fill it with some good food. In the picnic basket, I put in some leftover cold fried chicken. I also put in a potato salad, some grapes and strawberries. For drinks, I put in some sparkling water. Then I add made sure to include napkins, utensils, and a picnic blanket. The park is close by to our home, so we decided to walk there. It took less than 5 minutes to arrive. When we got there, my husband laid out the picnic blanket on the soft grass. We sat down, and I emptied the basket. We had a good time. We were talking and laughing while eating our food. We some birds and gave them some of the breading off the fried chicken. The birds loved it. It was fun, and we really enjoyed each other's company. It was a good break for us from everyday life. Afterwards, we packed our stuff and took a stroll around the park. It was beautiful sunny day. Then we headed home. At home, we said to each other that we should on dates more often. My wife invited some friends over yesterday to watch one of their favorite foods.  Because we were going to have guests over, we wanted to make sure the bathroom was clean in case they needed to use it.  To clean the bathroom, we got out the cleaning supplies from the closet.  We got out glass cleaner, toilet bowl cleaner, paper towels, and a scrubber.  We took turns washing the mirrors in the bathroom, organizing the counter, and then cleaning the toilet.  I was the one assigned to do that, of course.  I made sure that there wasn't any dirt or gross things on the toilet.  I poured the toilet bowl cleaner into the bowl and scrubbed it all over the toilet.  After I did that, I got the paper towels and made sure that I cleaned up all the wet stuff that was left over on the toilet and the seat. The Barker family was going on a family holiday trip next year and they were preparing for the event. The Barker family started saving up some money in a jar, and it started to accumulate. the higher the pile in the jar got, the more money they had to spend on their trip. Soon the family was ready to go! the season came around so quickly and they were already packing to leave town for the week. the Barkers ventured out into new and uncharted territory for them. They went to a place called: California. California was warm compared to where they lived in Alaska. they were so overjoyed to feel the heat on their faces. They took so many pictures and sent uncountable postcards. they got to their hotel and went to sleep, they had such a long plane ride. In the morning they traveled to Disney land and had so much fun! they went on rides and went to different parks. but they had already spent a week in California. so it was time to go home the Barkers booked a plane and got the plea tickets they packed up their luggage and checked out of the hotel. they got on the plane and traveled home. They got to Alaska and went home when they got to their door they all went to bed immediately. After an extremely hard week at work, I decided that I wanted to treat myself to something nice. For this something nice, I decided to go to a sauna. I had never been to a sauna before but I had heard a lot of my friends talk about how much they loved it and how relaxing it was for them, so I figured I would give it a try. I got to the sauna and was greeted by a very calm and soothing employee who first directed me to a massage room. I waited and got a great massage which made me very relaxed and ready to go into the sauna. I entered the sauna and the first thing I noticed was that it smelled very woody, almost like being deep in a forest. It was also very hot inside but it wasn't unpleasant. I sat down in the corner and closed my eyes, trying to relax. I spent about thirty minutes in the sauna enjoying the heat and took a shower when I was finally ready to leave. Going to the sauna was the perfect relaxation I needed after my stressful week! I had been having issues with heartburn.  It's like everytime I had a meal, I was in pain and in agony.  Finally, I decided it was time to see the doctor.  I called the receptionist at the office to make an appointment.  She asked me what my problems were and booked me down for the next week.   I came in early for my appointment.  They had me update my health insurance card and fill out some paper work.  Then it was a short wait before the nurse called my name.  She brought me to the back and got my weight and other information.  We talked a bit and she led me into the exam room.  It wasn't long before the doctor came in.  He checked me out and talked to me about my condition.  He gave me a prescription, but also told me to stay away from foods that made me hurt. Last night, my friends and I wanted to make a bonfire. So, we made sure that we had some fire wood. We went to the back of her yard and gathered up some dry wood. My friend reminded us that the wood had to be dry, or else it would not burn very well. Next, we all helped out by placing the chunks of wood into the fire pit. Once we stacked the wood into the fire pit, my friend grabbed a lighter and lighter fluid. My friend poured some of the lighter fluid out onto the wood, and then used the lighter to light the wood. It took a few tries, but the wood finally caught on fire, and we were able to start our bonfire. As the fire continued to burn, we added more wood or newspaper to keep the fire burning. We all had a fun time sitting around the fire and talking. Yesterday I made a flight reservation to fly from Boston to Chicago.  The first step in making a flight reservation is to determine which airline you would like to fly.  I picked American Airlines because I have most of my airline miles with them and I always like to earn more miles.  I accessed the American Airlines website and entered the desired dates of my flight.  The website then provided me a bunch of different flight options for both my departing and returning flights.  I selected the flights that worked the best for me and were the most affordable and I selected them.  I was then directed to pay for my flight which I did via my American Airlines credit card.  Once my flight was paid for I received an email confirming my transaction and providing me my flight details.  I find that using the internet is much easier than calling the airlines for a flight reservation. We spent a week getting our gear together for our big camping trip. After making sure everything was packed and the tent had no holes from the last trip, we put everything into the car and set out on our way. After a four hour drive we arrived at the campgrounds. We found our spot and unpacked the car. First up was pitching the tent, then we set about making a fire to cook dinner. It took awhile to collect all the wood we needed and get it roaring, but once we got the food on the fire we could finally relax. After soaking in nature and enjoying our campfire meal, night had fallen and it was time for bed. We curled up in our sleeping bags and told scary stories until we drifted off. The next morning we awoke early to stoke the fire and get breakfast started. A day of hiking and fishing went by far too fast and after another night under the stars we packed up our gear and headed home. It was a very hot sunny Saturday morning and me and my family decide to go to the beach. Before going to the beach we had to pack the car. We packed some snacks. We packed a cooler with all our drinks and water. We put on our bathing suits and brought towels, beach chairs, a beach umbrella, beach toys, and a beach ball. Mom brought sun tan lotion to protect us from the sun. Once we got to the beach mom and dad setup all off the chairs, umbrella and towels. Mom laid down on a towel while dad went running to the ocean. We swam but not too far because the water was very deep. There were a lot of waves and some people there were surfing with surfboards. There was other people that were playing volleyball on the beach and there were a lot of kids building sand castles. Dad helped us build our sand castle with a pool so that when the waves came in it would fill in our pool. At the beach there was also a tower for the lifeguards to see everyone in the water. There was a guy who went out too far into the water that the lifeguard had to blow his whistle for the guy to come closer to the beach. I have heard that sometimes you can see shark in the ocean but lucky for us we did not see any sharks. Visiting the beach was very fun for the whole family as mom can relax and get a tan and dad could play and swim with us. Yesterday I hosted a barbecue for about twenty people. It was a really fun event and I enjoyed having my friends over to my beach house.  To prepare for the barbecue I went shopping at the grocery store for hamburgers, hotdogs, rolls, chips, salad and soda.  When I returned from the store I prepared the salads and laid all of the food out to be cooked on the grill.  As my friends began to arrive one of them volunteered to cook all of the food while the rest of us socialized and played volley ball.  As the food was prepared we all enjoyed eating a burger or hot dog and then we quickly returned to playing different lawn games such as croquet and horseshoes.  After a few hours my friends decided that it was time to go home.  We really had a fun afternoon and I am excited to host a few more barbecues this summer. I need to buy a new dress, so I am going to the shopping centre. There are many stores there, so I am likely to find a nice dress. It is for a celebration I will attend. I drive to the center. It is three miles away and traffic is good. When I arrive, I easily find a parking space near the entrance. I walk to the entrance. The shopping center is very large and modern looking. It was only built two years ago. It has three levels. I enter the centre and begin strolling through the main level. It is not very crowded today. There are escalators that you can take to reach other levels. There are many large windows, so it is almost like being outdoors. I can smell coffee and cinnamon buns from one vendor. A few birds are inside, and they fly around. There are pots with trees planted in them. From where I am standing, I can see exactly which stores I want to go into. I am confident that I can find the dress I want. In the morning I felt hungry and decided to make myself some scrambled eggs for breakfast. I took out a carton of eggs from the refrigerator and placed it on the counter. From the carton, I took three eggs and inspected them for cracks. They looked fine, so I cracked them into a small bowl being careful to to have any shells in it. I added a splash of water and then began to scramble the eggs with a whisk. Next I heated up a frying pan with a little butter in it. Once the pan was hot, I poured my eggs in it. After adding a dash of salt and pepper, I kept scrambling the eggs. Occasionally i would remove the pan from heat while scrambling for a short moment. Once the eggs looks firm and ready, I turned off the stove and plated my eggs to enjoy. I added a small sprig of parsley to the plate to make it look even fancier. Yesterday your father and I decided to go play a few rounds of tennis.  Tennis is an outdoor sport game played usually with two people, sometimes there are two people on each team called pairs.  There is a low net between both people playing the game.  We use tennis rackets and tennis balls to hit the ball back and forth to each other.  Sometimes one person can hit the ball out of bounds of the other person and that makes them miss the ball so that person scores.  The person with the highest score without any fouls or out of bounds wins the set.  We played for a few hours before both of us became extremely tired, then we came home.  It was really a good workout for the both of us and we would like to take you to watch and play the next time we decide to play tennis. After the week was over, my wife and I sat down to make a shopping list.  We thought about foods we wanted to eat that week.  I looked up some things on the internet that we could try, that we had never tried before.  We found some good recipes and made note of what food that they needed.  We wrote down the food and the amount that we would have to buy to make the recipes.  We circled all of the food on the list that we thought we might not need to buy.  We took the shopping list and also wrote down where in the store we would find the food.  We organized it from the fruit to the dairy in an organized order.  We put the shopping list on our fridge so that we wouldn't forget it the next day when we went to go buy the food. Sometimes for dinner I like to have fish instead of chicken or beef.  When I want to have fish for dinner I will go to my local fish market and pick out something I like.  Some times it might be salmon, sometimes tuna, or maybe a white fish like tilapia or flounder.  I will buy a pound of it, and the fish monger will wrap it in wax paper and put it in a bag for me.  Once I have it home, I check it, finding it clean and not smelling at all like fish.  I will put it in a glass casserole dish and season it with salt, pepper, garlic, lemon, vinegar and olive oil.  I might put a few onions in with it.  I will turn on the oven and while the oven gets hot I will make a salad.  Once the oven is hot I will put the fish inside and set a timer.  While the fish bakes, I will make other side dishes.  When the timer rings I know its done and I carefully take it out with oven mitts.  It smells so good of garlic and its nice and cooked through.  While I set the table, I let it cool and after a few minutes I serve my self a piece and my salad and side dishes. When I was younger, my mom wanted to make sure I would be safe around water.  She took me to the swimming pool to get better at it.  One day, we went to the swimming pool and brought our towels.  We got in the car and drove a few minutes to get there.  Sometimes, I would get bored when my siblings would swim, so I brought the book The Lord of the Rings with me to read if I was bored.  We made it to the pool and they stamped our hands when we arrived.  I went to sit down by the grass hill until it was my turn for a lesson.  While I sat there, I read a book. Then it was my turn to get in, so I put my book down and got into the water.  The teacher taught me and then I got out of the pool. It was afternoon and I was not sure what I was going to fix for dinner. I asked my little boy and he requested ham and cheese croissants. It is one of his favorite meals to eat and also to help prepare. He asked if he could help with preparing dinner. First, we got an oven pan and lined it with Aluminum foil. We opened a can of croissants and unrolled them. He cut each pastry triangle in half, so that each would be small and we could have more. He placed a slice of ham on the croissant piece and sprinkled it with shredded cheddar cheese. We began rolling up each piece from the long side, all the way until there was a croissant piece, ham and cheese rolled up. We placed them on the baking sheet and put them in the oven. In 15 minutes, they were golden brown and baked with love from my baby! The other day, my friend wanted to go outside.  I suggested that we go and play tennis.  He said that he had some racquets that we could play with, so I told him to bring them.  I drove to the tennis court that was at the park and we got ready to play.  I brought some balls to hit and he gave me a racquet to play with.  We started on opposite sides of the court and practiced hitting the balls over the net.  We did a really good job and decided to start playing.  We kept score by whoever made two bounces on the opposite team's court.  I did really well and I won over 40 points.  That meant that I had one the game.  But there were many games in a set, so we kept playing until I came out as the winner in the end of it all. I decided that for Mother's Day I wanted to make a camping trip, so I called the camping grounds to reserve a space. Once I confirmed that our space was reserved for our trip, I began to pack our belongings in art suitcases. I packed pillows, bed sheets, pillows, food, medicine, toiletries, shoes, and anything else that I felt we needed to have with us while we were away. Additionally, I ensure that we had bug  repellent spray, hats and jackets to protect ourselves while out in the wild. We also brought pots, pans, gallons of water, eating utensils and even an electric griddle so that we could cook and eat- even if we did not have a stove or oven. Once everything was packed, the luggage was all packed into the back of the truck, I also had to gather the camping tent, foldable chairs and sleeping bags for our trip, and load them into the truck as well. The last thing I needed to pack was some canned and nonperishable foods that could be cooked, along with things such as bread, snacks, soda and juice. Now that we have covered everything from sleeping arrangements, clothing and food, and it was all packed in the truck and ready to go, the only thing left to do now was get in the truck and drive off on our way to our reservation. I recently attended the wedding of two friends of mine from college.  It was a long drive away, so my date and I drove there in regular street clothes.  We changed into our formal wedding wear once we arrived at the hotel where we would be staying for the evening.  We drove to the church and walked in.  The wedding was about to start so we quickly found some seats near other friends of ours.  An organ began to play, which let us know that the ceremony was starting.  Members of the wedding party arrived in a procession.  The bride was the last to arrive at the altar.  A minister performed the ceremony.  The bride and groom exchanged vows and also exchanged rings.  When the ceremony finished, the couple kissed, and everyone applauded.  Then the bride and groom and their bridesmaids and groomsmen marched back out of the church.  Afterwards, they took many pictures before the reception. It was a cool spring evening and we wanted to have a family get together on the beach around a bonfire. After getting permission from the city, we began to plan the night. First we went to a local man and bought all of the necessary bonfire wood, which is much bigger than the logs that would go into a fireplace. We went to the grocery store to pick up all of the necessary ingredients for a cookout next to the bonfire. We bought burgers, hot dogs, and buns for each. We made sure we had every vegetable available to go onto a burger including condiments and cheeses. We picked up several bags of chips and ingredients for s'mores. We arrived at the beach just before sunset and built the bonfire with the very long logs. Once we felt like they were all in place, we lit the fire and began to cook so everything would be ready for our guests once they arrived. I wanted to watch a movie and decided to rent one form a store video rental. I drove to the store and entered the building. It was set up in sections according to movie genres; drama, comedy, horror, action, animated, thriller. I decided to head to the drama section. I looked through there available titles. I picked out a recent release and brought the empty box up to the counter. There the attendant took the film cover and went to find the corresponding film. They brought back the film in a clear cover and told me I had three days for the rental. I paid for it next. Then I went home and watched the film. It was enjoyable and I was pleased with my selection.The next day I returned it to the store. I did not want to forget to return it because there are late fees for late movie returns. We were excited about the awesome new mall and planned all week to visit it this past weekend! I called my sisters and friends and we all decided to meet in the front at noon on Saturday. There was plenty of parking and nice security cameras to keep us safe. We walked in the first large store and everyone decided to split up and meet at the food court two hours later. Alone, I looked at the ladies shoes. I bought a pair of dress up shoes and walked over to the nearby makeup. They were having a promotion so I bought my favorite kind to get a free bag and then checked out a new kind before I bought some and lipstick. Both were priced great. Next, I went to the housewares section and bought a coffee maker in black. Hand mixers were on sale across the isle so I bought one for the camp. The color I chose is red to match the blender. Next, I left the large store and went to nearby children's store to pick out toys for my kids. Four games and two balls looked great and exactly what they would like. Then I spotted some outdoor clothing and searched for something to give me to a little relief from daily laundry. After I went to a wonderful new ladies purse store and bought a new Gucci for the job interview ahead, I realized it was time to meet at the food court. Realizing it was all the way across the mall, I hurriedly walked that way and saw my friends and sisters standing in front waiting. We shared some strawberry ice cream and coffee before we walked back to our cars and said goodbye. As I drove home and thought about my purchases and good time with friends and family, I smiled. I live in a nice city. Yesterday I woke up and decided to wear my favorite cardigan sweater to work.  After taking a shower and eaten breakfast I started getting dressed.  I put on a pair of jeans and then I reached for my favorite black cardigan.  As I began to button it up I realized that one of the buttons had fallen off.  Of course I did not want to wear any other sweater, just this one as it was my favorite.  I went to my spare room and dug my sewing kit out of the dresser.  I found a thread and button that would match and I quickly threaded a needle.  I began to methodically move the needle through the holes in the button to sew it back onto the sweater.  After a few minutes I cut the thread and secured the button to the sweater.  Finally I was able to put my sweater on and head off to work. My wife and I flew on an airplane a couple of months ago . We were going to Las Vegas because a friend of mine was getting married . He lives there and said that he would pick us up from the airport . But , the weather here was cold and there was freezing rain , so our flight was delayed for two hours . It was kind of scary taking off because the weather was still cold and rainy , but after two hours of sitting there waiting , I was ready to go . People on the flight were pretty happy to finally leave and a lot of people were having drinks . Everyone was getting ready for their own little party in Las Vegas . The flight itself took a little over four hours due to the fact that we had a non-stop flight . I was glad I paid the extra money for not making any stops . Six hours sitting on an airplane is more than enough for me . The flight was pretty uneventful except for the lively passengers , so that was a good thing , especially since my wife hates to fly . My friend ended up still picking us up from the airport and we had a great time in Las Vegas .  I wanted to spruce up my house before my team members from work came over for a training. I had three paintings of plumeria flowers waiting to be hung on the wall. These paintings were very special to me. A friend gave them to me. They use to hang in her house that she recently sold. I was happy to receive them and hang them in my house. I first decided which wall would best display the pictures. I picked the wall in the dining room. I put the paintings on the floor at the base of the wall to see how I would space the paintings. I then asked my daughter to hold one painting up so I could measure the distance from the ceiling with a measuring tape. I measure the distance and marked the wall with a pencil. I hammered a nail on the mark and then hung my pictures. Today I went to the sauna and relaxed in the room for thirty minutes. I went with a friend and when we opened the door to the sauna, we realized that it was cold. I adjusted the temperature, on the outside of the sauna, and we waited inside of the sauna room while the coals of the heater warmed the room up. The room took about five minutes to reach the comfortable temperature that I set it at and we sat in the room for half an hour. As we relaxed in the room we had a conversation and when we felt as if we had spent enough time in the sauna we dried ourselves off with the towels that we brought with us to the room. After we dried off, we left the room and I turned off the thermostat, of the sauna, so that it could cool back down. We normally set a menu on Sunday for each day of the upcoming week to avoid chaos during dinner time. Before I leave for the day in the morning, I am sure to put out the ingredients I need for the dinner ahead of time and defrost any meat I may need to prepare the meal. At around five-thirty, I begin preparing the meal. One meal I prepare often is ground turkey meatloaf and seasoned green beans. I mix the ground turkey with some bread crumbs, ketchup, and a bit of egg to bind it. I also lightly season it for flavor. I push it into the loaf pan, and put it in the oven to cook. I then begin preparing the seasoned green beans. I like to use fresh green beans. They may involve the extra work of snapping off the ends before cooking them, but they taste so much fresher. I season them with red pepper flakes and a little bit of lemon juice. When the oven dings, dinner is ready for my family and I to enjoy. I was reading a great book in my favorite chair when suddenly the light went out. I flicked the switch on my reading lamp, but it did me no good. It looked like that light bulb had burned out. I went to the hall closet and poked around, and luckily I found just what I needed, a package of light bulbs just like the one that had burned out. I brought one of the new bulbs back to the living room, and unscrewed the old used-up light bulb. I put it on the kitchen counter so I would see it in the morning and remember to recycle it at our city's transfer station. Then I screwed the new light bulb into the light socket  and turned on the lamp. The light shone bright and clear. I settled back into my chair with a sigh, and opened my book again. My hair is dirty and feels oily when I touch it today, so it is time to wash it. I like washing my hair in the shower because it is much easier than in a bath tub. I turn the shower on and make sure the water is nice and warm, but not too hot. I step in the shower and get my hair nice and wet. It is good to use shampoo and conditioner. First, I take some shampoo that I like and rub it onto my head. This cleans the part of the hair that is close to your head and also cleans the skin there that gets oily. After the shampoo is rubbed into my head, I let the water from the shower rinse out all the soap. Once the soap is out, I take some conditioner and rub it into the longer parts of my hair and the ends. This keeps it nice and soft and healthy. I let the conditioner sit in my hair for a while, and then rinse it all out in the warm water. I dry off, and feel better knowing that my hair is nice and clean again. This morning, like any other morning, I woke up still tired. Coffee is something I require daily to function. Up until last year, I used a regular coffee pot, and would brew about six cups, and drink most of it. Last year, for my birthday, I got a Keurig machine that brews individual cups. It has become a hobby of mine to collect different coffee and tea flavors, and try something new. Today, I felt like having one of my fancier kinds of coffee. This kind is a Gevalia mocha latte. It tastes like a hot chocolate and coffee blended together. I added some water to my Keurig machine, and within a minute it was ready to brew. I put the k-cup into the slot on the machine, and added the chocolate packet to an empty coffee mug. Today I used my favorite teal coffee cup with birds and flowers on it. The machine sputtered out a delicious cup of coffee, I stirred the chocolate powder into the coffee until it was blended. I grabbed a chair at my kitchen table, drank my delicious high-calorie breakfast, and was ready to take on the day. In my English class I was recently assigned to read the book brave new world . My first idea was to just buy it but when I went to the local bookstore it cost $ 20 . $ 20 for a book is more than I am willing to pay so I decided to go to the local library . Calling in ahead to make sure that they did indeed have the book that I wanted , I then headed in the direction of the library . When I arrive they had already had the book up front as I requested so that all I had to do was go pick it up . Or so I thought . In actuality I had to spend time getting a new library card . The librarian walked me through the process while also giving me a little background on the book I was about to read . After I had gotten my new library card I simply gave it to the librarian and she checked out the book for me . Now it is time to dig in to this novel I recently graduated from college and decided to throw a party at my house to celebrate. I wanted to invite my classmates who graduated along with me. I made a list of everyone that I wanted to invite. Then, I went to the store to buy the invitations. I looked through the rows of cards until I found the graduation invitation section, with one section specifically for college graduation. I looked through the selection of cards there until I found a few that I liked. Deciding that I wanted to send a variety of different cards to my friends, I bought a few of each card until I had enough cards for everyone. Then, I went to the cashier, purchased the cards, and went home. Once I got home, I wrote messages in each of the cards along with the names of each person that I was inviting. Then, I mailed the cards. For my anniversary with my husband, I decided to cook him a very fancy and nice breakfast. One thing I had always wanted to do but never got to try was making fresh squeezed orange juice. I figured that our anniversary would be the perfect time to try this! I went to my local farmer's market and got the biggest, juiciest oranges I could find. I got about ten oranges because I wasn't sure how much I was going to need to make enough juice for both me and my husband. I got home and pulled my juicer out from underneath my sink. It was still in the box since it was a wedding gift I had never had a chance to use! I was excited to try it. I sliced all of my oranges in half and plugged the juicer in. I began using the juicer to squeeze the juice out of my orange juice. To my luck, I only needed about five oranges to make enough juice for me and my husband so I saved the rest of the oranges for later. I brought my husband his breakfast with the orange juice, and he said that the juice was his favorite part! I went for a driving lesson when I was sixteen years old. In my town, the driving lesson had to be 3 separate days of driving for two hours at a time. My driver was very cool and relaxed. Driving for the first time is a very nervous experience so it was good to have such a laid back guy as my instructor. It helped to put all of the worries to rest. I was very nervous at first. But we started driving around town and I got more used to it. In the instructor's car, they have pedals on their side of the car as well. So that is a comfort knowing that they can take control of the car if anything goes wrong. That really helped to make me worry a lot less. Overall, it was a very good experience and I felt very comfortable by the end of it. It was a Monday evening in a warm July heat wave. My wife and I had just completed a particularly tasty meal that I had prepared for the both of us. We were both very full and sat in momentary silence as we pondered the situation in front of us. We knew we had to clean the table off, but neither of us were particularly excited about the task at hand. At last, we came to a conclusion. I would clear the plates, silverware, napkins and drink glasses from the table and put them in the dishwasher. My wife would grab some wood-cleaner from underneath the cabinet so we could wipe down the table-top. After the plates, silverware, napkins and glasses were clear, she sprayed the wood cleaner across the surface of the table. She took a white rag and wiped the table top until she was satisfied that it was clean. When I was a boy scout, we went fishing to a lake.  When we were on the lake (it was frozen), we decided to fish for some fish.  We drilled a hole into the lake and caught a lot.  We wanted to cook them, so we cleaned them out of all the nasty stuff in their body and started a fire.  When the fire was getting calmed down, the hot coals started to steam.  When it started steaming, we got the fish out and put it on a cast iron pan.  We put the pan on the middle of the fire with the lid on it and we waited while the fish cooked.  It smelled really good to us, especially with how hungry that we were.  After it started to smell almost burned, we took the pan off of the fire with hot gloves and ate the fish inside when cooled. While casually browsing through my friends pictures online I discovered a new revelation . They are called Lush bath bombs and the are colorful scented fizz balls . I quickly ordered a few online from their website and when they came I was overcome with excitement . I brought a Pink Potion one with a flower inside and a Blue Dream glitter one . I put the Hello Kitty tub stopper in my bath tub and ran my bathwater until the tub was halfway full . Then I dropped the bath bomb in the water and was anointed by the wonderful smell of lavender . The water in the tub fizzled with pretty blue glitter . I got in an soaked for more than an hour and got out feeling like a million bucks . I seemed to be a thousand times cleaner than I was before I got it . I even smelled great the whole entire day .  I am so excited to learn how to drive today with Scott. We are in a large vacant parking lot and no one else is around so it will be perfectly safe for us, the car and anyone else. As we both get in the car, we put on our seatbelts. Check. Now he instructs me to put the key in the ignition and give it a gentle turn forward toward the front of the car. I hear the engine crank and can feel it hum. He tells me to grab the crankshaft and put it into the "D" position. I feel the car surge forward and immediately hit the brake pedal on the left and car stops. He tells me it's fine and to give it a little gas. The car begins to move forward as travel in a straight line. The more gas I give it from the pedal on the right, the faster we go! I love shopping online. Last weekend I wanted to order some vitamins. I looked on two web sites to find exactly the kind of vitamins I wanted. And I also looked at prices. I even tried to find some near me so that they would be shipped to me quick. The quickest way to get them and not have to pay too much money would cause them to get to me in four days. So I decided to order and wait. On Monday morning there was a package by my front door. I opened it. It was the vitamins. It took less than 24 hours for them to get to me. I was happy the vitamins were here. I tried to figure out how they go to me so quick. Then I figured out that they came from an Amazon facility near me. I might order from Amazon again since they got here quick. Last night I decided to make Mexican Bean Salad for dinner. This is a really nice, light, and flavorful dish to eat during the summer. I looked up the recipe and took out a notepad and a pen so I could make a list of all of the ingredients I needed to get at the grocery store on my way home from work. Some of the ingredients I already had - like olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, and cumin. However, I needed many of the other necessary ingredients in order to make the recipe. On my shopping list, I wrote that I needed one can of black beans, one can of kidney beans, one can of cannellini beans, a bag of frozen corn, one red onion, one green bell pepper, one red bell pepper, and one bunch of cilantro. I put the shopping list in my purse so I could reference it later at the store and make sure I buy everything that I need for dinner. This morning when I woke up, I noticed something was strange about my alarm clock.  Instead of being loud, like normal, it was fairly faint, and changing volume on it's own.  The light was also flickering a lot on the time readout.  I figured that the batteries were probably dying, so I decided to change them.  First, I looked in my cabinet to see if I had any spare batteries.  I didn't, so I drove to the grocery store to pick up some replacements.  I bought two AA batteries, and returned home with them.  I found my flat head  screwdriver in my tool box, and used it to pry open the battery compartment on the bottom of my alarm clock.  I then dislodged the old batteries with my fingers, and placed the new ones in the slots, with the positive and negative ends lining up appropriately.  Finally, I put the battery cover back on and saw the alarm clock light up brightly. I was invited for a party, and I had a very nice dress that I decided to wear. But when I saw, it has one button missing. So I had to fix it. That button had 4 holes, so I wanted to fix in such a way that it looks good. So I had to choose exact matching color with my dress. The button was golden. I started to sew it on back side so , the knot will not show up. Then I poke my needle in one of the hole and stretched my thread all the way, then I inserted the needle in to the opposite side of hole. When it went down, I pulled it all the way, and then, got it out from the hole as which was empty so far, and then from above again I will repeat the same thing and insert the thread opposite to that hole. I will continue doing that till I feel like it is strong then I will make knot and fix it firmly with button. my job was done. Baking a Birthday Cake For an Awesome Nephew It was the day before my nephew 's third birthday . I wanted to bake him a very special birthday cake . He loves tractors and anything related to farms , so I wanted to include that when I decorated the cake . I decided to make a cake with three layers since he was going to be three years old . I started by finding recipes for both chocolate and yellow cake since I knew that those were his favorites . I made the batter for the chocolate cake in one bowl and then the batter for the yellow cake in another bowl . I poured some chocolate cake batter in the largest and the smallest round baking pans since the top and bottom layers would be chocolate . I poured yellow cake batter in the medium-sized round baking pan since it would be the middle layer . I baked all three cakes and then cooled them . After they cooled , I stacked the cakes according to size and I frosted the bottom and top layers with yellow frosting and the middle layer with green frosting . I decorated the top of the cake with farm animals , a small toy tractor and the words , '' `` Happy Birthday Samuel . '' '' I topped off the cake with a number 3 candle . My nephew was very happy when he saw the cake . He was very surprised that I had baked a cake for him . At noon, my cat began to meow. He does this every single day around this time to signal that he's hungry and wants food. I got up from my chair and went to the kitchen. He followed me there, slinking in and out of my legs as I walked down the hall. I grabbed the box of food from on top of the freezer and took out one pouch. I tore it open and dumped the food into his bowl that sat on the ground next to the wall. He quickly began to eat the food. Meanwhile, I washed out his water bowl in the sink and filled it with fresh, cold water. Then, I sat it down onto the floor right next to his food bowl. He soon finished his food and purred in appreciation. He drank some water and then quickly ran out of the room to hide under the bed and take a nap. 2 summers ago, my brother and went on a trip to stay with our aunt and her family for a whole week. We spent the entire week before we left preparing for this trip. The main thing that we needed to worry about was having clothes for the week. Knowing this, we got our suitcases, and made sure to set aside different clothes, including underwear, for just about each day of the next week. Then, we took some extra clothes for swimming just in case we would be doing this while we were over there. After the clothes, we made sure to pack our toiletries, like toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo, and so on. We packed these in a small bag the day before we left. The last thing to pack was any other items we wanted to take with us. I decided to take a blanket, and my brother decided to take a pillow. We packed these into the suitcase, and once we were sure we had everything, we went off to our aunt's house. I had been putting of visiting a doctor because my regular primary care provider was nearly a mile away, and I owed the money that I simply did not have. I decide to visit an office that was much closer. I was so glad I did because they had sliding scale fee that drastically reduced the cost of doctor visits and specialists that I desperately needed to see. I filled out all the necessary paperwork and had a visit scheduled. The date came and I went to see my new primary care provider. I had anxiety as I always do when seeing a medical professional. She ended up being incredibly kind and understanding and she gave me a referral to see a chiropractor. I was so happy that I was finally going to be able to see someone to help with my back pain. I dislike narcotic painkillers and over the counter pain killers just don't cut it most days. overall it was a positive experience and rather comedic that I was actually scared. Samantha was so excited to go to her new friend's seventh birthday party; it was going to be Spider-Man themed and Samantha loved spider-man! The party was going to start in 1 hour and it was time for her to get ready to go, so she ran as fast as she could into her room to grab her party clothes. When she reached into her drawer to grab her prettiest dress- It was a beautiful pink color with pretty purple flowers and polka dots on it- she found that the dress looked ruined! It was wrinkled and bunched up from being shoved into her drawer for so long underneath all her other clothes. She ran to her mom in a panic, saying she couldn't make it to the party with a ruined dress! Her mom smiled and told her it was going to be okay, then she pulled out something she called an Ironing Board, which she explained would help her get the wrinkles out of the pretty dress without hurting it. Her mom ironed the dress and sure enough, it was then free of wrinkles and she was ready to go to the birthday party! I walk into the kitchen. I am hungry. It is still early in the morning, so breakfast would be appropriate. Eggs should do it. I open my refrigerator and grab 1 egg. I look in my cabinets and also grab a small pan. I put the pan on the stove and turn the knob on the side of the stove until the gas lights underneath my pan. I keep the fire low. While this heats up, I grab some butter from my refrigerator. I also get a spatula from my kitchen drawer. I scoop some butter out of the container with my spatula, then transfer the butter to the small pan. The butter begins to melt on the stove top. It is time to crack my egg and begin cooking. I crack my egg lightly on the counter top until the contents begin to ooze. I position my egg over the small pan and break the egg into two pieces, so that the egg lands on the small pan. I crack the yolk with my spatula. I then wait 3 minutes while the egg cooks. I sprinkle salt and pepper over the egg. When it is time, I flip the egg and repeat the process. When it is done, I remove the egg from the pan with my spatula and put the egg on a plate. It is time to eat. After a day of washing and drying clothes, I gathered aside the items of clothing to be hung up in a separate basket. I wanted to make sure to get rid of any wrinkles in them before hanging them up. I then brought the laundry basket upstairs and brought the ironing board out of the closet. I unfolded the ironing board and got out the iron from the closet as well. I brought the iron to the sink so I could fill it in order to use the steam function. I then brought the iron to set it upon the ironing board. I plugged the iron's cord into the socket. As I heard the iron start to heat up, I set the first item to be ironed on the board. I flattened the pants on the board so the creases would be right at the seams. As I grazed the iron across the pants, the wrinkles started to erase and I continued the process with the rest of the clothing items in the basket. This week we had bad weather from a tropical storm. My little boy was scared of the weather. Then, the lights went out, which made it much worse. In order to lessen the stress, I asked him if he would like to build a fort for us to play games in. He had the idea for us to eat pizza in the fort. Since our electricity was out, we could not bake one. We decided we could order a pizza. I gave him the choices of the crust and he chose thin crust. I gave him the choice of toppings and he just wanted pepperoni and cheese. I got his half with pepperoni and my half with vegetables. We put in our order and added some chicken bites, for some extra protein. We built our fort while we waited for the pizza to arrive. The pizza came and we had a pizza fort party by lantern light. I was an amazing memory from a situation that was less than positive. I decided to make dinner for my family this Friday night. I had a few ingredients for making spaghetti but I still needed spaghetti sauce and bread rolls. I already had the noodles at my house. I drove my car to my nearest supermarket. I grabbed a shopping cart and entered the store. I strolled the aisles until I found the Italian food isle. I looked around for my favorite spaghetti sauce and found it. i put it into my shopping cart and proceeded to go to the bakery section. I ordered some freshly baked Italian bread rolls. I put all the items into my shopping cart and started making my way towards the cashier check out. I placed my items on the cashier desk and paid for my items. After paying I went back to my car in the parking lot and placed the items inside my car. I drove home and started boiling the pasta and heating up the spaghetti sauce. I put the bread into the oven to heat it up. After 20 minutes the meal was ready and I sat down at the table with my family and enjoyed the meal. When I was done I washed the dishes and dinner was finished. Yes going on a train , this is was our ideal weekend activity not too long ago . We purchased tickets to travel from Boston to New York City . As we entered the platform of the train is was pure steel and looked so solidly strong . We walked down the isle and found an comfortable looking seat and decided to sit there . Shortly the train horn blasted making me jump of my seat lol . Anyway we soon started moving and our train ride was underway . The conductor walked the isles and collected our tickets . love scenery so I had the window seat watching everything along the way . First I saw large suburban areas but as we got into Connecticut many farms were being spotted . It was n't very hilly but sure was a country atmosphere . Soon we approached NYC and the train came to slow stop , we had arrived at our destination . The ride overall was rather smooth and it did n't seem to take all that long .  I saw from my alarm clock that it was time to feed my fish. I tend to feed them every day at 5:00 pm. I walked over to the tank to see how they were doing. They were swimming around and ready to be fed. I grabbed my jar of fish food and screwed the cap. Then I scooped out just enough food to feed them for one day. The scooped food went right into the water. My fish were in a slight frenzy to get fed. They swam all at once to the surface to eat up the food that I had given them. In a short while, most of the food had disappeared from the surface of the water. The fish appeared to be eating healthily so i began to put things away. I then closed the top of the tank, and replaced the cap on the fish food. I put the food away for another day. Every month, I have to make sure to always pay all my bills. Being an adult, this is one of the responsibilities you have to do. There are several bills I have to pay each month with money I earn from working. They include: my mortgage, car payment, cell phone, TV/internet, electric, and credit card bills. I set some time aside to check what I owe on each bill. The mortgage is usually the highest. Most bills I can pay online by using my computer. I go the the website, enter an amount, and within a few clicks, it is paid for. My car payment doesn't have an easy-to-use online pay system, so for that I use my checkbook. I take a check and write out the amount, who I am paying it to (the bank), and sign my name. I then put the check in an envelope with the bank's address on it, attach a stamp, and drop it off at my local mail box. It's not a long, or hard task, but it's something I must do each month. When ever I want to make any reservation, I always do online, so I can get good deals. I first went to travel sites ( trip advisor ) to see if any good deal is there. I am planning to travel from Atlanta to Singapore. I note down some fares, and then I visited expedia and dunhill travel sites. . I liked the tripadvisor, after reviewing the site, and looking at the customer reviews. The number was on site. When I first talked to him, he gave me some options I  think I got good deal, $1300 for round trip with stop at London for 14 hours and then directly to Singapore. I liked that way because I wanted to see London also.  It was good timing that I could go out see London and come back, and still I was left with ease. I asked the agent, about any delaying problem, and cancellation. He told me if I add more $50 dollars, then I can change or cancel my trip without any penalty , and I did. My alarm clock is not working. I think it's the batteries. I have some extra batteries in the utility drawer. I open the drawer and find the right size. As I sit down at my desk, with the batteries, I notice the back of the alarm clock where the batteries are is crooked. I try to straighten that first but the alarm clock is still not working. I have to assume it must be the batteries. I take the old batteries out of the alarm clock and look them over for corrosion. They look fine, so maybe they are just old. I place the new batteries in the alarm clock and I make sure they make contact with the metal parts and face the right direction. Check. I slide the back of the alarm clock back on and flip the clock over. I turn the on switch on and it lights up. All I have to do now is reset the time and I'm good to go. Terri likes to vacuum the carpet, it is one of her chores she does every other day.  After school, she has a small list of little chores to do around the house.  She has to vacuum the living room and hallway for those days.  So, on one of these days, she takes out the vacuum cleaner, unwinds the cord, plugs it in, and adjusts the height of the vacuum.  This way, it is low to the ground, and gets all the dirt up.  She then hits the button for start, and it turns on.  She pushes it gently across the carpet and floors of the living room and hallway. She makes sure that she gets the edges and under any carpets that are movable. She also vacuums under the front of the couch.  When she is done, she turns off the machine, empties the dirt into the trash can, and pops the container back onto the vacuum.  She rolls up the cord, and returns it back to the closet. Cooking fish is a fun and cool activity that many people can do because there are so many steps. First the step is to find a good sized fish. Now I know what your thinking, and you cannot just grab any ole fish out of a tank or something you found in a stream. You need a good fish with lots of meat and food on it. My favorite fish to cook is probably drum, so once you have a good nice drum you first have to cut it. Get all the meat off of it and then there are a number of ways to cook it. I like to fry my fish, so I season it with a number of thinks and then make sure to cover it in flour and bread crumbs. I then heat the oil I will be using to fry it to a very hot temperature and then dunk the fish in the oil until it is nice and brown. We are going on a trip to Six Flags. We will be staying for two nights in a hotel so we need to pack. The suitcases are stored in the walk-in closet so they are brought out into the living room. We need to decide what kind of clothing we'll need, so let's turn on the Weather Channel. Since it is going to be very warm with no rain during our trip we will pack mostly summer clothes. Each person will need three shorts and tops so there are clothes for each day and an extra outfit if needed. Fold everything nicely so it does not wrinkle and all clothing fits in the suitcase. Let's move on to the bathroom and pack tooth care supplies like a toothbrush, mouthwash, and toothpaste. Deodorant , make-up, perfume, and cologne also go in now. Put these items in the side pocket of the suitcase to be reached quickly. Everyone pack one sweatshirt and light jacket in case it is colder at night. Grab swimsuits and trunks too, for the water park, and bring sandals and sneakers. Now all we have to do is pack our towels for the water park, get the tickets and money packed, and leave the house to start our trip. Before making the bed, I wash all of my sheets, pillowcases, and blankets. While they are drying, I Febreeze the mattress and pillows to freshen up the fabric and make sure nothing smells stuffy. Once the sheets are dry, I begin by putting on the fitted sheet. I spread it out evenly and flat, and then lay down the flat sheet over the fitted sheet. I pull all of the corners, make sure everything lines up. I Febreeze the down comforter, and then tie back on the corners of the duvet cover. I button up the duvet cover, pulling the buttons inside so they don't get caught on anything. I lay out the duvet cover on top of the sheets, and then put the smaller blanket, folded, at the foot at the bed. I put the pillowcases back on each of the pillows, and place the pillows at the head of the bed. I take a final look, and straighten everything out again to be symmetrical and neat. Last night I decided I was going to go dancing. My husband, daughter, sisters and their husbands and nieces went out to a nice place where a lot of people go. We got to the place we were going dancing. There was a guy at the door checking ID's to make sure there wasn't anyone under the age of 21 going in. Of course we were all over 21 so there weren't any issues. We all went in and found us a table. We then decided to order some drinks and about that time a waitress came over and asked us what we would like to have. We all gave her our order and she went to get the drinks. While she was away a good song started playing and we all decided to dance. We all went out on the dance floor and danced until the end of the song. We went back to our table and our drinks arrived as soon as we got back. We all drank our drink and decided to dance some more. We stayed for a few hours and danced. We all then decided it was time to go home. We all went to the door. We told one another bye and we all left and went home. I woke up with my alarm and sluggishly got out of bed. I went to the bathroom and turned out the light. I went to the shower and turned the water on. While it was warming up I got a towel from the closet and undressed. I stepped into the shower and grabbed the bottle of shampoo I keep on the ledge. I squirt some into my hand, about the size of a quarter. I wet my hair and then rub in the shampoo. I scrub my hair and can feel all the suds forming on my head. After a few minutes of this I carefully rinse the soap out of my hair. I don't want to get it in my eyes. I then grab my bottle of conditioner and repeat what I did with the shampoo. This time though I leave it sit for a couple minutes so many hair can soak up those nutrients. I then rinse off again making sure there's no soap what so ever left.  I shut off the shower and dry off, my hair now squeaky clean. I did laundry earlier in the day and now there was a pile of laundry to put away laying on my bed.  First I sorted everything and hung up the clothes that went on hangers in the closet.  Then I folded t-shirts.  First I laid them flat, then i folded on arm inwards and then the other.  Then I folded the bottom of the shirt upward and the top downwards.  After shirts, I moved on to underpants.  I folded them halfways from the center and then top to bottom.  Next came pants.  I lined up the seams and folded them in half longways, and then from the top to the center then the bottom to the center.  I matched up socks and laid one on top of the other.  Then I took the cuffs about a third of the way down to keep each with it's matching partner.  Then I put my folded clothes away in drawers. When I cooked pasta last, I had a great experience. I was with my girlfriend and we were in the mood for pasta and meat sauce. In order to do this, we first picked the pasta out of the cabinet and opened up the box. We then boiled the water, before putting the pasta in. As we put the pasta in, we stirred it and watched the water boil. After putting in spices and watching the pasta for about five to ten minutes, we tried one piece of pasta to see if it was soft enough to eat. Upon trying the food and enjoying the taste, we put the meat sauce on the pasta and let it get hot. Upon both the pasta and the sauce getting hot, we put it all on bowls and ate the pasta. This tasted amazing and I felt that it was perfectly tasty and hot. This morning my wife would not make the bed so I had to. I think she was being lazy. I tore the old sheets off the bed and threw them into the washing machine. It took a while to find clean sheets. They were in the linen closet as they should be. I put the new sheets on the bed and my wife did not like how I put the sheets on and then did it herself. We talked about how old the bed was and talked about buying a new bed. We helped each other put the blankets on the bed. I put the pillows on the bed, but my wife did not like how I arranged them. So she arranged the pillows how she wanted them. Later I saw her in bed. She said that she thought she was sick. So I brought her breakfast in bed. She smiled. I had a pile of clothes that needed to be washed. First I separated the white clothes from the colored clothes. I washed the white clothes first. I put the clothes into the washing machine. I then put laundry soap in. I also put about a cup of bleach in. Bleach helps make the white clothes stay white. I turned on the washing machine by setting the dial to the the amount of time to wash the clothes. I also set a knob for how full the washer was. I also set the temperature of the water. After the clothes were done washing I put them into the dryer. I set the dryer for 30 minutes because I think that is how long it will take to try them. I did everything above for the colored clothes except put in bleach. I only washed 2 loads of clothes. This weekend I went to a bonfire with my friends. It was the weekend before graduation so there was a lot of people present there. I knew most of the people since I've grown up with them. We had a really good time. We all sat around the bonfire and ate snacks while sharing stories of old times. We also talked about what the future could hold for all of us. We were starting on a new road soon, we were all getting a fresh start, and it was so very exciting. I couldn't wait to start college in the fall as I'm sure most of my friends felt the same way. I was having such a great night though, I was sad that it would soon come to an end and it could be years before I saw all those people again. I felt happy though that I went to the bonfire. I set a pan on the stove and grab a plastic bowl from the cupboard over the stove and set it on the counter adjacent to the stove top. I open the refrigerator and grab two eggs out of the carton. Cracking the eggs against the side of the dish gently and then open them over the bowl, making sure there is no shell in the bowl I then toss the shells into the trash can behind me. I put a splash of cream, milk or water into the eggs and then beat them furiously with a fork or whisk. I then grab the soft butter from next to the toaster and put one pat into the pan. I turn the burner on and once the butter starts to sizzle I pour the beaten eggs into the pan, add a little salt and pepper and wait until they are semi firm. I then grab a spatula and chop the eggs up and let the carry over heat cook the eggs the rest of the way. Yesterday my wife and I wanted to watch a new movie that had just hit the video stands.  I went to the local store which had a Red Box video vending machine outside of it.  I looked over the selections it had till I found the one I wanted.  I put my credit card into the slot for paying and purchased a copy of the movie to watch.  I took the copy from the machine and headed home after stopping at the store to buy some popcorn for the movie.  I placed it into the DVD and watched the movie while enjoying the popcorn.  The movie and the popcorn were great.  When I was done I popped the DVD out of the machine and went back to the store to return the movie to the Red Box video vending machine.  It was an excellent experience and I will definitely do it again. I sometimes put a gift in a box, if it doesn't already have one, to make it easier to wrap. It's nice to put tissue paper inside the box, too. That makes opening the gift more interesting. After I have the gift boxed, I assemble my wrapping supplies. I use rolled wrapping paper, clear tape, scissors, and ribbon. Next, I unroll some wrapping paper and place the gift box on top of the flat paper. I  study it, trying to figure out how much paper to cut off the roll. I don't want to waste paper, but I also want to neatly cover the gift. Once I decide how much paper to cut off, I mark the place with pencil, then fold there, and cut the paper along the fold line. Now I turn the gift upside down, and position it in the center of my paper. I pull up one end of the paper, and tape it to the center bottom of the box. I pull the other end of the paper smooth, pull it around  the box and tape it in place too. Then I do the ends of the package, folding the paper down, cutting it shorter if I must, and smoothing it neatly around the gift box. I tape it in place, and decorate the box with pretty ribbon and bows to distract from any mistakes I may have made. Today, I had to pack a suitcase. I put all of my favorite things into it, as I was going to be gone for a very, very long time. In fact, I'm not sure when I will return to the location that I am in right now. I first entered my toiletries, including my tooth brush, hair brush, and deodorants. I also threw some cologne in there. Then, I added my clothes, including pants, shirts, socks, underwear - boxers, not briefs. Additionally, I added shaving cream, a few snacks, my electronics, including my phone, my phone charger, my electric razor charger, and batteries for my phone, as an additional comfort for when I cannot get a charge. I also loaded up with a couple pillows and a nice blanket, for this luxurious vacation. Hopefully I will be enjoying my trip, and with a suitcase as full as this one, I better. Yesterday afternoon, my sister and I went to the outdoor neighborhood swimming pool. The pool requires that visitors either live in the neighborhood or be guests of a neighborhood resident in order to enter, and because we met those criteria, we had no problems getting in. The day was sunny and above eighty degrees. I wore my teal one-piece swimsuit and my sister wore her pink bikini. After we had walked to the pool from our house, we both lathered up with sunscreen and laid our towels and pool bags on vacant lounge chairs. There were only a dozen people at the pool. One of them was my sister's friend, so she left immediately to go splash around with her and hang out on a raft. I ordered a raspberry smoothie and laid out with my copy of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" while the sun heated my skin. When I started to sweat, I rinsed off in the provided shower and then put on my goggles and got into the pool to swim laps. Thankfully, the lap swim lane was clear, and I got a good work-out in. The day started to cloud over, and my sister's friend left, so after that the two of us sat in the shallow end of the pool with the warm water rising to our shoulders and chatted until we had both had our fill of pool time. We wrapped ourselves in our towels, put our flip-flops on, and walked home from the pool. Now we stood here in the line in front of the large glass window with people inside. Once our turn came up, we bought tickets to the movie we wanted to watch. The showtime wasn't for another 30 minutes. So we decided to go the arcade next door and play some games. They have real old classic arcade games there.  Remember Galaga? Donkey Kong? Even the old Star Wars simulator. That was my favorite game when I was a kid...  Once we're inside the theater, we bought some candies, popcorn, and some drinks. With our hands full with goodies, we headed into viewing room. It was already packed with people. We find a pair of good seats towards the back. There are nice old couple seated towards the aisle. We approached the seats and asked with a smile, "Can we get by here? Thank you." Nice folks replied with a smile and said, "Why of course my dear, Go on in." We sat down and enjoyed the movie with a handful of popcorn and an occasional slurp of the soda. The last time that I washed dishes, I first rounded up all of the dishes and placed them in the sink. I then went one by one until they were all washed. I first put water on them and then soap and I used the sponge to clean them thoroughly. I lathered the sponge all over each dish and then put them each aside after I was done. After drying each one, I put it aside to dry. Soon after, everything was cleaned and I was able to start putting everything away. I put everyone in the same spot that it always goes in and this continued in this example as well. I let everything dry and I put it exactly where it belonged.This process was somewhat time consuming, but overall, it was a routine and easy process. I was able to wash all of the dishes and feel comfortable using them. When my baby was born, I knew I would be learning a lot of new things. She woke up in the middle of the night because she was hungry. I picked her up from her crib and held her close as I walked towards the rocking chair in the nursery. I pulled down the shoulder of my nightgown and unhooked the nursing bra I was wearing so the baby could latch onto my breast and eat. She didn't like having a bottle, so nursing was our best option to keep her happy and fed. She nursed for half an hour and slowly, as she got full, her eyes started to droop shut. I started to sing her a lullaby, soft and sweet, and she soon fell asleep. I wiped some milk from the corner of her mouth with a tissue, and set her back down in her crib so she could sleep until it was time to eat again. To remove and replace a garbage bag, first lift the full garbage bag from the garbage can. Some garbage bags have ties or strings that are attached to them and can be used to close the top of the garbage bag by pulling on the strings until the opening completely closes. Then the ends of the strings can be tied in a knot so the bag will not open. If the bag does not have strings attached, use a twist tie to close the opening by gathering the top of the bag together and wrapping the twist tie around the end of the bag and twisting the ends of the twist tie together. Take the full, closed garbage bag outside so the garbage man can pick it up. Then, take a new garbage bag out of the box and unfold it before putting it in the garbage can. You can fold the top edge of the garbage bag over the rim of the can so that garbage does not get between the can and the bag. I love to make hot chocolate in the wintertime. Today it snowed so I decided to make myself a mug of hot cocoa. Some people just put a mug of water in the microwave and then add Swiss Miss. Not me. I use milk in mine. First I put the milk in a sauce pan. Then I put it on the burner on medium high heat. While the milk is heating up I get mix cocoa and sugar together. I have to be careful while boiling milk because once I did it for too long. Then a skin formed on top and it was gross. I learned after that that as soon as it boils I need to pull it off the burner.Once the milk comes to a boil I pour it into a mug. Then I add the cocoa. Then I stir and enjoy it in front of my fireplace. Sally just got her pay check in the mail and she felt like she deserved to go shopping and treat herself to something nice. The shopping centre was a little bit of a drive from her home but she thought that it was worth all the gas money. When sally got to the shopping centre she saw clothes, new phones, and books! She was so excited to be there she had not gone to this particular shopping centre before. Sally's first thought was to go to the book store and see what kind of new hits that she wanted to read. She made it to the book section and picked out a book that was titled: the magical uses and wonders of Flippity Floppity Bibbity Boppity Boo. and she thought it was wonderful so she brought it up to the counter and paid for the book. Sally was getting tired after all that shopping so she got back in her car and went home. she had to stop at the gas station to fuel up her car and then when she was done, she got back in the car and drove home. she was very tired so she went to sleep. Goodnight Sally. Today was the start of Spring, so I decided it was time to get some cleaning done. The first and largest thing to deal with was my apartment flat. I started by picking up any loose items that were not in their proper place. I put as many items into drawers and closets as possible to reduce clutter. I then moved all the furniture so I could clean the floors where the furniture is normally sitting. I vacuumed the exposed floor then moved the furniture back into place with a couple changes in the arrangement for fun. Then I swept the rest of the floor after dusting any surfaces that needed it. Afterwards, I cleaned all the windows, inside and out, and moved to the bathroom. After wiping down all the surfaces in the bathroom with a disinfecting cleaner, I took a look around my flat to assess my work. My apartment was now clean and it felt great! Cleaning the table is done after every meal. Sometimes people make a big mess when they eat and sometimes not. It sometimes depends on what we eat. Usually I like to get the plates off the table first. If there is not much food left on the plates then I will stack them on top of each other with the dirtiest plate on top. And I take the dishes to the sink. Next I get the silverware and take them to the sink. If there is food left I remove the food from the table and put the food into bowls to be saved in the refrigerator as left overs. Glasses, coffee cups and dessert plates will be removed from table. Sometimes there are place mats to be removed or a table cloth. One of the last things to do is wipe the table to make sure it is clean. I had been wanting to get my tattoo fixed for 5 years now and I just couldn't seem to save up the several hundred dollars it would cost to get it fixed. The other day it dawned on mt that I could buy my own tattoo machine online. I researched tattoo machines, needles and inks for the better part of a month at different online retailers before I decided on a retailer. I then researched the product and how to use it for a few more weeks. I watched videos about the product, tutorials and user reviews. I figured since I am an artist and pretty good at drawing and tracing that I would give it a go. I saved up amazon gift cards for several more weeks. It took a while but I eventually saved the better part of a hundred dollars, one dollar gift card at a time. I decided to finally make my purchase and the product arrived two days later. This morning I woke up and all the covers were off my bed. Even though I don't normally make up my bed, this morning it was necessary. I decided to change my sheets, since they were off anyway. First, I removed all the sheets and comforter. I placed the comforter on the side. I gathered up the sheets and pillow cases and brought them to the laundry. Next, I got out another set of clean sheets. I unfolded the fitted sheet, that has elastic around the edges. I stretched the sheet over each corner, making a nice tight area. Next, I put the flat sheet on, tucking in the bottom and the sides. Next, I replaced the comforter, being sure that all the sides were hanging over the same amount. I put clean pillow cases on the pillows and put them at the head of my bed. Now, my bed was beautifully made with clean sheets! One time in a restaurant I had to send the food back. Let me tell you what happened. Well, it was over one week ago, last Tuesday. I had put on my very best tie that morning before I went to my place of work. Then, I went out for lunch. You see, lunch time is a time of the day when you get to get out of your desk to move around and get to go to places that will serve you food. Well at this place they served me a pumpkin. I said to the waiter, this is not what I had placed my order for. The waiter said that he was sorry and took the pumpkin back. Then he brought out the grilled salmon that I had ordered. I was suspicious of the salmon because what restaurant accidentally serves a pumpkin instead of a grilled salmon. That does not inspire confidence. I walked into the living room ,and the carpet was dirty. it was bothering me so I decided to clean it . I got the vacuum and first made sure that there was no garbage in bag. It was, so I cleaned it. First I made sure that there were no nails or big stuff lying around the room. I picked them up. I plugged  it in the it in the power outlet.  I turned on the vacuum. I cleaned in rows, so I do not skip any area. Then, I attached flat vacuum to clean the sides of walls and the area under the furniture. the sound was very loud  I placed  the bottom of the vacuum on the carpet . I vacuumed all of the carpet and it was finally all clean . I called my family to all look at it. It was good and I was finally done with it. This weekend , I decided I wanted to try baking my first cake . I found a recipe online for an easy to make cake , printed out a list of the ingredients , and went to the grocery store to get them . I knew about some of the common things , like eggs , flour , and sugar , but the list helped me get a lot of things I did n't own and would n't know to get . When I got home , I followed the recipe as closely as I could , adding each of the ingredients at the exact amount of the recipe asked for . I mixed them all up as described , and put them into a pan that I had borrowed from my mother . I put the pan in the oven and let the cake cook . I checked on it occasionally to see if it was looking OK , and because I was really excited to see how it was turning out . When it was done in the oven I removed it , and applied an extra thick coat of frosting . I was supposed to wait for the cake to cook , but I was too excited to try it out and ate it much sooner than recommended . It was delicious ! One day our family decided to go on a one-day outing.  We got into the car and buckled our seat belts.  Dad put his car key into the ignition slot on the side of the steering wheel and started the car.  He carefully backed out of the driveway, using the side rear view mirror to watch for oncoming traffic.  He put the car into the D slot to move forward and we were off on our trip.  Dad drove in the right lane on the freeway most of the way.  When he wanted to pass another car, he used his turn signal to signal that he was going to change lanes and pass.  After passing the other car, he would use his turning signal to signal that he was getting back into the right lane.  It started to rain and he used his windshield wipers to clear the window. I knew he was sick because he told me so. It didn't help that he was coughing and sneezing. He hadn't been able to get out of bed for days. It looked like he had a fever. He had gone to the doctor a few days ago. He had a prescription from them, but he wasn't able to take the medicine himself. He needed it. I went to the cupboard we kept it in and took out the medicine. It was in a small bottle. The medicine was liquid, so it was easy to administer. I opened the bottle. Then I measured out a single dose into its cap. I set the cap of medicine down on the counter before grabbing a small glass of water. With both the medicine and the water in my hand, I went back to his room. He opened his mouth for me. I pressed the cap to his mouth, making sure he drank all of it. Then he had some water. On a Tuesday afternoon I had a flight reservation to go to Cancun Mexico. So I took a taxi to the airport and arrived there 3 hours early because when you have an international flight that is the require time.  I made my way to where my airline was located at and I decided to use one of the self check in kiosk which make it very easy to check in. All that you need is to have your passport ready if you are going to be going on an international flight if not all you need is a photo ID but in this case my flight was international. After your boarding pass is printed you need to take your luggage to get it checked in a well and it gets weighted and if its over the specific weight that is allowed you might be asked t pay an excess weight fee. Mary makes her bed up every weekend with new sheets from her mother's sheet closet.  She goes to the closet, picks out some nice clean sheets, with her favorite colors, and carries two sheets and two pillow cases to the bedroom.  She takes off the old sheets from her bed, and puts them in the hamper to be washed.  She then takes the fitted sheet with the rounded corners, and throws it onto the bed.  She pulls the corners down around the corners of the bed until it is tight. Then she puts the top sheet on her bed and tucks in the bottom part of her top sheet.  Then she takes the pillow cases and puts one on each pillow, to make a fresh clean bed.  She puts her cover on last, it is a blue one with little flowers.  She loves it, it came from her grandmother from Christmas. She fluffs the pillows and puts her favorite teddy bear to rest on the pillows as decoration. The grass on our front lawn was beginning to get tall and thick, so before it grew any higher, I thought it would be a good idea to cut it.  I decided to pull out our lawnmower from the shed in our backyard.  There are several kinds of lawnmowers, but the kind of lawnmower we own in gas-powered.  Because our lawnmower had no gas in it, I pulled a gas storage container off of a high shelf in our backyard shed and filled the gas tank.  To start the lawnmower, I pulled the starting cable vigorously a few times.  The lawnmower's motor roared to loud life and I began pushing it through the grass in the yard in a methodical back-and-forth pattern so the grass would be evenly and neatly cut.  This made our front yard look so good, I decided to mow the backyard's lawn as well! This morning I took a shower because I was dirty from playing outside. I got undressed and turned on the shower. I put my hand in the water to see if it was too hot or too cold. Then, I got in the shower and got myself wet all over. I found the shampoo and put some of it on my hand. Then, I rubbed by hands on my hair until it was all soapy. After I was done with that, I rinsed my hair to get all the soap out. Then, I found the bath soap and rubbed it all over my body. I did my face, my underarms and my stomach. I also did my legs and my feet. After I was done getting soapy all over, I used the water to rinse all the soap from my body. When I was done, I turned off the shower and dried myself off with a towel. Then, I got dressed in clean clothes. I felt better after I took the shower because I was clean. As I was preparing breakfast , I noticed that I was out of a lot of things that are staples in the preparation of most other dishes . Bread , milk , and things of that nature . So after I was done with breakfast , I sat down to prepare a grocery shopping list . I thought of all the things off the top of my head that I would need , and then I perused through my cupboards and refrigerator to fill in the blanks . Once I was satisfied with my list , I got dressed and got in my car . I drove to the grocery store and parked . I grabbed a cart and pulled my shopping list out of my purse . I went up and down the aisles , placing things in the cart as I went . Once I had everything , I went to the checkout counter . I put all my things on the belt and a bagger bagged them as the cashier scanned . The bagger set the bags in my cart , and I took the bags out to my car . Once I got home , I brought the bags inside and put all the groceries away . This is how I went grocery shopping .  Keeping a clean bathroom to me is an important part of good hygiene. This is something that I had to do just recently. I noticed that the toilet and counters were stained, and that the mirrors were filthy. I then set aside all of the necessary cleaners to use in the bathroom, and got to work. I first worked on the counter tops. I used a special marble cleaner to clean them, and it really made them shine. After the counters, I did the mirrors. I used a very strong glass cleaner to get the job done, and by the time I finished, the mirrors were spotless. Lastly, I took care of the toilet. I cleaned the outside of it with the same marble cleaner I used on the counters, and used a special toilet bowl cleaner for the inside of the bowl. Just for good measure, I mopped the floor of the bathroom, washed out the bathtub with shower cleaner, and sprayed the room with air freshener to make it smell nice. It is time to make the bed.  First I take the pillows off of the bed and place them  on the floor of my bed room.  I pull the blanket and flat sheet off of the bed and set it on top of the pillows.  The only thing on the bed is now the fitted sheet.  I go to one corner of the bed and untuck the corner of the fitted sheet so I can shake  the sheet 3 times before putting it back on the corner of the mattress. I put the flat sheet on the bed first, making sure its flat with no wrinkles.  I put the blanket on top of the sheet, making sure it is on the bed straight with no wrinkles.   I tuck the sheet and blanket under the mattress at the bottom of the bed, The pillows are placed at the top of the bed. I was going for a long drive, so I knew my car would need more fuel than it already had. I pulled into the station and checked the dash to be sure I knew what side the tank was on before I parked next to one of the pumps. I pulled the lever inside to open the panel for the gas cap and hopped out of my car. I paid for my fuel at the pump using a credit card, and unscrewed the gas cap. I slid the nozzle into the fuel tank and started to pump. I watched the gauge carefully to be sure I knew how much I was getting, and how much money I was spending. When I had a full tank, the pump stopped all on its own! I put the nozzle back in the holster on the side of the, screwed the gas cap back in place, and closed the panel. I was ready for my trip! Yesterday evening, my friend Jasmine called me on my cell phone. We talked about so many things and we were on the phone for about 2 hours. She asked me how life was ever since I moved from Denver to Atlanta. I told her that life had been amazing and the only thing that sucks, is the horrible traffic. Jasmine also mentioned that she will be visiting me next month for a week long vacation. I was so excited to hear that I will have a visitor because sometimes it can get lonely not having family in the same city as you. I told Jasmine that I will plan to take her to some of the best restaurants in town and plan a big shopping trip. During our phone call, we also talked about the days when we were in college together. After a while of talking, we decided that it was time to get off the phone and take care of some things at home. I really enjoyed our conversation. Last weekend, my wife and I had some friends over.  After the party ended, we decided that we wanted to watch a movie.  I decided to run to the Redbox booth to get a new movie that was out.  I got my keys and went to the booth.  I paid with my card for the movie that we wanted.  I drove back to our house and I got the DVD out of the case.  I own a PS4, so I placed the DVD right into the machine without opening the console.  I had to get the controller out of a drawer to play, but I found it easy to find out where to start the movie.  We all relaxed on the couch and ate some candy while we watched the movie.  We laughed at the funny parts and stayed awake for the whole movie, even when it got a little boring. It was time for my cat to eat her dinner. Her name is Gracie. When it's time for her to eat, she will meow constantly and paw at her food bowl. She also will follow you sometimes. When I noticed her doing this, I walked to the kitchen cabinet where her food is kept and pulled out one small can of tuna and chicken flavored wet cat food, which is her favorite. She saw that I did this and affectionately brushed up against my legs. I opened the can using the pull tab on top of the lid, and used a spoon to scrape all of the food out of the can and into her food dish. She immediately went to her dish, and had eaten all of her food within a few minutes. I also placed water into her water bowl, which she lapped up after finishing her cat food. My dad is a great cook and one of the things he knows how to cook good is fish. Sometimes he buys the fish from the supermarket and sometimes he buys the fish from the fish market.  When he buys it from the supermarket he buys it by the pound and it is usually already cut up into pieces and cleaned up.  When he buys it from the fish market he has to clean it out more and take out the bones. Some of the fish he buys still has the head, fins and tail so he has to cut those parts out too. The head of the fish is really good to make fish soup. I like it better when he leaves the scales (skin) of the fish as it tastes really good. There are many different ways that he cooks the fish. Sometimes he will  fry it in a pan or deep fry the fish and also put some bread crumbs on the fish before frying it.  He also bakes the fish in the oven which makes it soft and tender. My favorite is when dad steams the fish a little bit and we eat it semi-raw like sushi.  In the summer time dad will also throw some fish on the grill and barbeque it.  My mom told me that eating fish is really good for you as it has a lot of essentials vitamins and oils and eating fish makes you live longer and is also god for your brain. I was really hungry.  I decided to make a pot of soup.  I had some leftover chicken in the fridge so I took it out and brought it to the chopping board.  I put a pot of water on the stove to boil.  After I chopped the chicken, I threw it into the boiled water.  I added a little chicken stock and seasoning.  I went to the fridge and grabbed some carrots, celery and onions.  I brought the veggies back to the chopping board as well.  I chopped up the vegetables into small chunks.  When the veggies were all cut, I threw them into the pot.  I let the vegetables cook down for a while.  The soup was starting to smell good.  When it was almost done, I threw in some noodles.  In just a few minutes, the chicken noodle soup was ready to eat.  It tasted amazing and I ate it all! It was a morning just like any other, and there was no reason that it should not be. I brushed the dust of my eyes and walked into the sun lit kitchen, the rays of shun beading in through the blind of the 2nd story window. I reminisced of an earlier time when I first moved in. The world was new in a sense, and I can  vividly see myself the morning I first awoke in my new home. I went to making scrambled eggs, and these eggs were not any ordinary eggs. They were the most amazing eggs that I have ever had the pleasure of eating. It was not just the combination of being in a new place and starting new that made the eggs better. It was as if in that moment in my life, everything synced together so perfectly, that these scrambled eggs I made were just the cherry on top of my life's Sunday. Today was my birthday and I received a card from my friend who lives in India. I wanted to reply to her card and thank her for remembering me on my birthday. As I started writing I started to remember the wonderful time we had together when we were young. I started writing to her about our picnic and the movie we saw together. I started remembering all the things we did together. It made me very happy. I finished the letter and got ready to go and post it. Nowadays most of the people have stopped writing letters. They all keep in touch through emails. Letters are something very personal. We can preserve the letters of our loved ones and some beautiful memories along with it.  Slowly letter writing has been taken over by messages, Facebook and emails, WhatsApps etc. I and my friend only write letters to each other because we feel this is a better way to keep in touch. We had just come home from the beach one Saturday afternoon . We had a great time , but were very sweaty , sandy and sticky with old sunscreen , sweat and salt from the ocean . After unpacking the car , I had to take a bath . I love our deep soaking tub . I put in the drain plug and started running the water , making sure the temperature of the water was just right , and put in my favorite bath scents and soap . When the tub was full , I immersed myself deep into the tub and just let my body soak for a while . It was good to sit in the nice , warm water and let everything just relax and melt away from me . I washed my hair with my favorite shampoo , as I had a lot of sand in it from playing at the beach that day . I scrubbed my body well with a washcloth , to get off all the sand and ocean salt that had dried on my skin , along with the sunscreen that I had been using . It was very relaxing and I felt really good . I then pulled the drain on the tub and let all the dirty water go down . I had a big , fluffy bath towel that I dried off in , and I put on clean clothes . I was ready to finish up our fun day with some dinner and good times with my family .  I own a giant, diesel, 4 door truck that is red in color and mean in appearance. I work construction for my job so I need to have something that is able to tow and haul a lot of weight. One of the unfortunate side effects of owning such a large, mean truck, however, is the need to constantly put fuel in it! I usually go to the gas station twice a week to fill up my tank and empty my wallet. I pick a pump at my favorite gas station that is easy to drive into so I don't risk hitting other vehicles. I hop out and insert my credit card into the pump machine. After my card is read, I pull the gas nozzle off of the machine and insert it into my truck. I wait for what seems like forever as the pump fills my tank and the dollar amount endlessly increases. When I was at camp last summer, I wasn't allowed to use email, so I had to write a letter to my parents to tell them that I wanted to come home. I sat on my bunk with my notebook propped against my knees and thought about what I wanted to say. After a few minutes, I decided I knew what I wanted to say, so I picked up my pen and started moving it across the paper. First I put the date in the upper right hand corner. Then I wrote "Dear Mom and Dad" on the first line. I kept writing all the words I needed to use in order to convince my parents to let me come home. Then I signed the letter with my name. I folded the letter in half and then folded it in half again so that it would fit in an envelope. Then I put the letter in an envelope. I taped the envelope shut. Then I stuck a stamp on the upper right corner of the envelope. I wrote my parent's address on the middle of the envelope and then I walked to the camp office and gave my letter to the secretary so she could mail it for me. My family went for a picnic on Sunday. My parents had packed food for us to eat at the picnic. We went to a Mountain which was around 30 miles from my home. It was around 11 am when we reached the mountain. There was a small pond with lots of ducks. My brother and me played for some time in the water. We played hide and seek for some time. My family was having a good time, all of us were chatting, playing and singing. It was around 1 pm. We were hungry now. We washed our hands and took out the food which my parents had packed. My mother laid out the food in separate plates. I served it to everyone. We ate our food very quickly as we were all hungry.The food was delicious. We started playing cards after lunch. It was around 4 pm when we decided to leave. We packed our things and left. It was a fun day for all of us. Today morning at 7 o'clock I entered into my office. My office is totally 6 floors. 6th floor is in my control, like cleaning, floor maintenance and everything. So I start up my first duty, cleaning. I love that, because each and everyone wants cleanliness. According to everyday health, cleanliness and hygiene are essential to maintaining good health. Also it avoids bacteria and viruses that cause illness. Now I prepare to clean my floor. For that I have cleaning equipment in my store room.First I open the store room. From there I will collect my cleaning equipments. First I will take the vacuum cleaner. By using the vacuum cleaner, I clean the yesterday dust and dirt. After that I will take one bucket of water. In that water I will mix "antibacterial surface cleaner".Then by using a mop I will clean the floor as well. After the cleaning my floor was looking good and hygienic. Now I arrange the tables and computers properly. My first duty is over with my satisfaction. I decided to make a split pea soup for dinner, so I cleaned off a cutting board, wiped down the table, and got all of my needed ingredients ready.  I grabbed several stalks of celery and a carrot, washed them, and peeled the carrot with a peeler.  Then, I placed the carrot on the cutting board and sliced it lengthwise.  After splitting the carrot, I proceeded to use my knife to chop the two sides into small half circles.  Following this, I washed off the several stalks of celery I picked out, and chopped off the ends, throwing them away.  I then sliced each stalk of celery lengthwise, before chopping them into smaller pieces.  Finally, I picked a large potato, washed all the dirt off of it, and peeled it.  I used the large knife to cut it lengthwise and then chop it into bite sized pieces for use in the soup. My family had gone on vacation.  We hadn't all been together in a couple of years and we decided that we needed to take a photo together.  We had traveled to the beach and we thought the beach would make a wonderful backdrop for our picture.  We told everyone what time we wanted to take the picture and walked down to meet at the beach.  Everyone showed up, but there was still a problem.  Who was going to take the picture?  Luckily, there was an older couple on the beach who came up to us.  They offered to take the photo while we posed.  We were so grateful.  They snapped a few pictures and gave the camera back to us.  We talked to them for a while and expressed our gratitude.  After that, we went to a local photo shop to develop our pictures.  They came out better than we thought! One morning, I got up and I was very tired. I decided to make a cup of coffee to wake myself up. Reaching in the fridge, I pulled out the coffee, placed a filter in the coffee maker and added the water to the machine. While the coffee maker made the coffee, I decided to pour myself a bowl of cereal. As I ate, the aroma of the coffee filled the kitchen with a rich, earthy smell, letting me know that my hot drink was ready. I quickly went to cabinet, pulled out my favorite mug, and filled it with coffee and just a little bit of creamer and sugar. After finishing my first cup of coffee, I poured a second cup into a thermos that I could take with me to work, and finished getting ready for the day. After a little jolt of caffeine, I was ready to take on anything the day might throw at me! This past month, I was very busy with planning a party for my younger brother. I had to find out a number of things, but the most important one was figuring out who I could invite to the party. After I had a good enough idea, I went to the store and bought several themed party invitations. After buying the invitations, I spent a long time writing names and addresses for people that I wanted to invite to the party. After finishing the writing and putting all of the invitations in envelopes, I put stamps on them so they could all be mailed out as soon as possible. I made sure that all of the invitations had stamps and the correct addresses of the people who would be getting them, and put them in my mailbox for the postman to take them to the post office to be sent off. On the day of the party, almost everyone I sent an invitation to came to the party, and that made my brother very happy. I always wash the dishes for my family, I think it a fairly fun chore, and I like it much better than other chores. One night, after a large family dinner, we had a lot of dishes to do. After I started washing them, I put them on the counter to dry. Because there were so many of them, I ran out of room and had to stack them one on top of the other. Well, I stacked them so high that they kept falling over. Thankfully, none of them were made of glass. But, it was really funny because no matter how hard I tried, I could not get them to stack right. Finally, I had to stop washing the dishes and start drying them so I could make room for more clean dishes. I would wash a batch, then dry them, and then wash the next batch. It took me almost a half hour to finish them! When I looked out my front window, I saw a man I did not know yelling at a woman who lives next door. He looked very scary. I didn't want to go out there because he looked scary, but I wanted to help my neighbor. So I called 911. A nice woman on the phone said, "What is the nature of your emergency?" I told her. She asked me where I lived, and I told her. Then she asked me if it looked like the man had a weapon. I said I didn't think so. She told me not to worry, but to stay inside. Then she told me the police were on the way. She talked to me until they arrived. She wanted to know how old I was, and where I went to school. She also asked me about how things were going outside. He was still yelling. But soon the police came, and took him away. I felt better. Last night, my pants ripped and I felt the need to sew them. The seam was ripped and the button fell of and I couldn't find it. I then had to go to the store and get a button that looked like it would fit. Then, I went and found my sewing machine and used it to sew the button onto the pants. I turned this machine on attached it to the pants and began to sew. I noticed that the pants slowly begun to get fixed. Upon finishing, I turned off the machine and checked to make sure that my pants were completely fixed. I noticed that they were and tried them on. Once I tried them on, I realized that they were indeed fixed and I felt good that they were back to working. I then wore them and walked around and put away the sewing machine for the day. One day I was strolling in the woods with my camera. It was a nice high quality camera with a zoom lens. The camera was beautiful, but the photographs it took were even more beautiful. Anyway, I was strolling through the woods. I had my camera, and I pictured a good shot. I then took my camera out and aimed it. I aimed well, and I captured the best photograph that anyone has ever taken. Or at least, in my opinion anyways. Well, back to the photograph. It was taken of a scene in the woods, one of those dark, forested scenes that makes you dread your own existence. It was of a large tree, next to another tree, next to another tree, in the forest. There was a beam of light casting through the frame. It was exhilarating. I can still see the photo now, burning a hole in my mind's eye. What a day. I just got out of bed and am having a very hard time focusing.  I feel like I can barely function.  Then it hits me, I am in desperate need of caffein.  I walk into the kitchen.  I open the cabinet and take out a can of coffee.  It is a new can so I have to open with the can opener.  I line the basket with a disposable paper liner for easier clean up.  Next I get a spoon out of the drawer and measure out a large scoop of coffee and add to the filter basket.  Just the smell is helping me to wake up.  I measure out two more scoops of coffee. I then put the filter into the coffee maker. I then take the carafe and fill with water.  This is then poured into the coffee pot.  I hit the on button and wait a couple of minutes.  Then I pour the hot coffee into a mug and start to feel better. One of my lights in my lamp went out yesterday so I investigated to see what was the matter.  I checked and the lamp was plugged and circuit breaker not tripped so I checked the bulb in the lamp.  Further inspection revealed the bulb was brown so I knew it had burned out and needed replacement.  Not having any extra in the house, I decided to go to the local Home Depot to buy the bulb I need.  I checked the store and looked at the wide variety of available bulbs to purchase.  I finally settled on a 75 Watt equal LED bulb and went to the counter to make my purchase.  The clerk was friendly on check out and I got the five dollars from my wallet to buy the home.  I then drove home and returned to my house.  I found the lamp in my living room and unscrewed the old bulb in the lamp after making sure the lamp was turned off.  I then screwed in the new light bulb, flipped the power switch, and the light came on.  Voila! After taking a two week trip to Europe I arrived home with lots of laundry.  I decided that I should start washing my clothes the night I arrived home.  I did three loads of laundry but I was so tired that I tossed all of the clothes onto the couch without folding them.  I woke the next morning feeling a bit refreshed and decided that is was time to tackle the pile of clothing on the couch.  First I separated the clothes into heaps based on clothing type and then I began folding all of the items.  I used to work in a clothing store so I began folding my clothes very precisely.  I folded everything neatly and made piles based on how the clothes would be stores in my closet.  Once all of the clothes were folded I returned them all to their proper places in my closet and I was ready to start my day. Yesterday I decided to boil some milk so I could make cottage cheese. The first thing I did was select a pan to boil the milk. I decided to choose the widest pan I had, because the wider pan would let me boil the milk more quickly. It is important to select the right pan, a narrow pan will take longer for the milk to come to a boil and will increase the risk of burning the milk on the bottom of the pan. Once I selected the pan, I poured the milk into the pan, and turned the heat on the stove top to medium high heat. For the next ten minutes, I constantly stirred the milk as it heated, to evenly distribute heat and to reduce the risk of the milk burning in the pan. After ten minutes of heating, the milk came to a boil, so I removed the pan from the heat, ready to use my sterilized milk to make cottage cheese. I get out of the shower all refreshed, and head out to the kitchen in my robe. I take out the eggs, bacon and butter. I put sliced bagel in the toaster, I forgot to takeout my cream cheese. I need to go get that. I love the garlic chive cream cheese on my onion bagels. It's the perfect combo. I crack my eggs into a bowl and whisk it up to make some scrambled eggs. But I need to cook the bacon first. I cook the bacon in butter until golden brown and crispy. My pan is full of oil and butter. I am going to scramble my eggs in that. It will be deliciously decadent. I scramble my eggs in rendered fat and butter mix until they're almost done. Then I put the eggs and the bacon on the plate. along with the bagel with cream cheese slathered all over it. It's time to eat. I need a dollop of pico de gallo for my eggs. Perfect. It was Beth's birthday part coming up next week, and Beth and her mom sat down at the table to write invitations to all her friends.  She had twenty to write, so that is why they both were doing it together.  Beth had a pile in front of her, pretty cards, and a big ink pen to write with. She started , and the first thing she did was put her name, the time of the party, and where the party was, on each card.  Then she wrote, " Please come! Love, Beth" on each one.   Her mother then put them all in envelopes and stuck a stamp on the envelopes.  Lastly, she wrote out the addresses on all the invitations.  Beth helped her mother gather the envelopes together, and they drove to the post office to mail them. Beth was excited when they were all mailed, and thanked her mother for helping her with the party invitations. My friends and I love to go to the movie theater.  Every Tuesday, the movie theaters have cheap days, where you can go see a movie for $5, and then buy a drink and small snack for $5 too. So, we check online to see when the movies are playing, and we decide what we will see.  Then, once we do that, we all go in the car and drive to the theater right before the movie begins.  We park, and get out and stand in line for the tickets.  We usually all buy our own tickets, and then go in and order a drink and snack.  After that, we all go into the theater, and take our seats.  The movie always has previews before the real movie begins, so we have time to talk a little before the movie starts.  It also gives you time, if you were running late, to get there so you don't miss the movie.  We have a great time. I needed to put wall paper on the walls of my room. The room was in dire need of new wall paper. The old wall paper was looking bad. I asked my friend Ryan to help me put new wall paper up. He was a painter and regularly did this kind of work. I first removed the old wall paper from the walls with Ryan. We then got the new wall paper and applied it to the walls. It required us to brush down the paper so it would stick. We checked to make sure everything was even. I did not want uneven wall paper. After we applied the first sheet we started applying the other ones. We checked to make sure the sheets were even as we went. Finally after applying the new sheets we cut the excess paper away. I wanted my room to look tidy and fresh. Overall it was fun putting up new wall paper with my friend. I emptied out the little bit of coffee that was still in the pot from yesterday and rinsed the pot out. I turned on my water filter and started filling the pot to the line that shows "6". I dumped the water into the water reservoir of the coffee maker. I carefully removed the filter with the used coffee grounds from the day before out of the coffee maker and threw it in the trash can. I got a new filter out of the bag that I keep in a cupboard above the coffee maker and put it into the basket. I measured six tablespoons of coffee into the filter and closed the basket. I turned the coffee maker on and waited for it to brew. When the coffee was brewed I poured some into a mug, added a few spoonfuls of sugar and some creamer which I stirred and was ready to drink. It was a sad day.  June's great Aunt Martha had died a few days ago, and today was the day they would have her funeral.  Everyone in her family was dressed nicely, and made there way across town to the funeral home where the service would be held.  As the entered the room, there was a strong smell of flowers that made June's nose ache a little.  Her mom signed a book with her and her brothers names, and they made there way into a parlor where other people had gathered.  At the front of the room was a casket that was half way opened with Aunt Martha's body lying in it. The family made there way up to the front of the room to look at Aunt Martha. She looked as if she was taking a nap in her finest clothes.  Her make up and hair didn't really look like she used to wear them, but she didn't look scary like June had imagined.  They met some family members that were sad and crying, but others were laughing and remembering funny stories about Aunt Martha.  They made there way to a seat at the back of the parlor and a few songs were played while the curtains were drawn in the front  of the room.  When the curtains opened back up, the casket was closed with a large spray of flowers on top.  A pastor stood up and said some really nice things about Aunt Martha, and prayed.  The curtains closed again and the pastor told the crowd that the funeral would resume at Shady Oak Cemetery.  Afterwards, the group of people that had gathered made there ways to their car for the funeral procession to the cemetery.  June's family followed a long line of cars following a hearse with Aunt Martha's casket in the back.  A police man escorted the group of cars, and stopped traffic so the funeral procession didn't have to stop at red lights on the way to the cemetery.  As they pulled up to the gravesite, June saw a green tent with lots of folding chairs underneath, and a metal frame around a hole in the ground.  The family gathered around the tent as the pallbearers carried Aunt Martha's casket to the gravesite and placed it on the frame over the hole.  The pastor said a few brief words and prayer again, and then Aunt Martha's casket was lowered into the ground.  The family talked a little while, and then drove over to Aunt Martha's house to have a wake.  There they ate food prepared by a local church for the family, and talked about the good times they had with Aunt Martha when she was alive. I'm hungry and I think I want some scrambled eggs. I need to get my ingredients first. I open the refrigerator and grab two eggs, butter, and the milk. I get my non-stick pan from the cabinet and a silicone spatula. I place a little butter in the pan and turn the stove on medium heat. As the pan begins to heat, I crack my eggs, add a little milk and mix thoroughly. I think my pan is ready and pour my eggs in while moving them slowly with the spatula. I sprinkle them lightly with salt and pepper and continue stirring. As they start to firm up in areas, I lower the heat and continue stirring just long enough until my eggs look slightly set. I don't like them too runny. I can now slide them off onto my plate and turn off the stove. I have a nutritious meal in minutes. My mom is teaching me to drive. First thing, we check to make sure the blinkers are working. I flipped the lever on the left side of the steering column up for the right blinker and down for the left. Both arrows under the speedometer blinked and on the outside of the car in the front and back. Next we got in and fastened our seat belts, then I checked the side mirrors and rear view to make sure I could see. I inserted the keys into the ignition and using my thumb and first finger pushed the switch forward. I checked the mirrors again to make sure all people, animals, and objects where out of the way. I pulled the gear shift towards me and pulled down one click going from P (park) to R (reverse). I check the mirrors once more and turned my head to the right to look over my shoulder to back out of the driveway. At the end of the driveway, I pushed the turn signal lever down to signal I was turning left. I looked to the right and to the left to check for traffic twice and pulled out. One day I was super hungry and craving a delicious cheese, spinach, and tomato pizza! I decide to alleviate my hunger and my craving by ordering a pizza from Domino's. I called Domino's to leave my order, and told them exactly what I wanted in a size medium. I did not order anything else when they asked me if I would like anything in addition! They then asked me if I would like delivery or pick up. I wanted to spend the evening relaxing after a long day and just watch movies with my pizza, so I opted for delivery. Twenty minutes later the delivery man arrived at my door with my pizza. I pull out my debit card and swiped it, because that was my preferred method of payment. I then had to sign for using my debt card, and also made sure I filled in the empty line that said tip bedside it. I made sure to leave the delivery man a generous one since he was here in a timely manner and was quite polite in dealing with me. After he proceeded back to his car,  I sat down on the couch and ate my pizza while watching one of my favorite movies. It was a successful evening and the pizza was scrumptious! Last night I invited some friends over for dinner. I decided to set the dining room table for dinner, rather than have us all eat around the coffee table in the living room like my partner and I usually do. First, I chose the tablecloth. We have a purple tablecloth, a light blue snowflake patterned tablecloth, and a bright colored floral tablecloth. I chose the floral one because I felt it was most appropriate for summertime. Next, I put a cloth napkin at each place and set utensils on top of the napkin - a knife, fork, and spoon. Then I placed a plate at each setting, four in total. I added a water glass at each setting as well. Then I put out the salt and pepper in the middle of the table so it was accessible to everyone. Lastly, I lit two candles and placed them in the center of the table as well. The dining room table looked great and ready for a dinner party. It was a long day at work and I decided to stop at the gym before going home.  I ran on the treadmill and lifted some weights. I decided I would also swim a few laps in the pool.  Once I was done working out, I went in the locker room and stripped down and wrapped myself in a towel.  I went into the sauna and turned on the heat.  I let it get nice and steamy. I sat down and relaxed.  I let my mind think about nothing but peaceful, happy thoughts.  I stayed in there for only about ten minutes because it was so hot and steamy.  When I got out, I turned the sauna off to save energy and took a cool shower.  I got out of the shower and dried off.  After that, I put on my extra set of clean clothes I brought with me, and got in my car and drove home. I had a first date recently and I wanted to cook for her. I was low on money and sometimes cooking a meal yourself is more thoughtful and romantic. I had it all planned out. I was going to light candles and get us some wine for our intimate dinner. I was planning on making a chicken alfredo. First, I started boiling the water to cook the pasta. In another pan, I add some olive oil and starting cooking some broccoli and some chicken. I had plenty of garlic and spices. That is how I like it. After the pasta is cooked, I add it to the other pan with the chicken and broccoli. I add in the alfredo sauce and stir it. After about two minutes, the meal is nice and hot and ready to enjoy. She loved the meal and we had a great time together that night. Today was a really hot day. It was 95 degrees. I decided to go to the swimming pool in my neighborhood and cool off. I put on my bathing suit, a cover up dress, a hat with a large brim, sunglasses, and flip flops. I packed a bag with sunscreen, a towel, and a cold bottle of water. Then I walked three blocks to the swimming pool. It was crowded, but I was able to find an available lounge chair on the side of the pool. I put my things down and took the sunscreen out of the bag. I prayed the sunscreen all over my body. Then I laid down on the chair to relax. After about twenty minutes, I was ready to go in the water and go swimming. I swam five laps and then I was ready to get out. I got out of the pool, toweled off, and laid down on the chair again. It was a nice day. Last weekend, my friend and I decided it would be a good time to paper our living room. The previous residents of the house we live in had used wallpaper on the living room walls that was a very odd shade of red, which we thought looked strange. We wanted the living room to get a new color of wallpaper, and we wanted to choose a color that would match our personality. We first went to Sherwin-Williams, which is a paint and wallpaper store. We looked at the wallpaper color samples and picked up a few brochures with examples of how the samples would look on our walls. We decided that a cheery yellow color would look best on our walls, and selected that color. We then returned to Sherwin-Williams and purchased the yellow wallpaper. We then applied the wallpaper to our walls and stood back to admire our work. I'm in charge of preparing the picnic as we head to the lake. I have a lot of supplies I need to gather first. I need to fold up the waterproof tarp for the ground or picnic tables. I need a blanket that can double as a tablecloth. I'll be sure to pack that on top so we pull it out first. I need to pack forks, spoons, knives, napkins, cups, paper towels, a couple of garbage bags and few zip top backs for leftovers. I'll make a shooter sandwich with meat and cheese. Since it's smashed, it will travel well and it can be cut up in advance. I'll also pack the potato salad in a container, some chips, and pretzels. Maybe some Boursin dip for both. I will also pack some pre-made sangria and lemon water in spill-proof bottles. I think chocolate chip cookies are great picnics too. They can go in a container so they don't get crushed. We should have all we need. We have a large yard, a half acre on a corner lot. Due to the size, we have a ride-on mower which makes cutting the grass relatively easy, I would even say "fun." Thanks to a lot of experience, I can get that thing moving and get the yard done in just a little under an hour. It's normal, average, boring. Except this one time.... A cousin had taken our ride-on mower to do some maintenance on it. He had taken it on a Friday evening and had promised it would be back by Sunday evening. He was wrong. Sunday and Monday came and went with no sign of our lawn mower. Tuesday evening came and the grass was up to your ankles. It needed to be cut. We had bought a small push mower to get into the small spaces so we pulled it out. Me, my wife and my mother-in-law took turns pushing that mower up and down the yard for a good two hours. We had one tiny little bit left of the yard when Howard, the cousin, pulled up with the push mower. When you work in a restaurant, after the customers have paid the bill and left, you have to clean up the table and prepare it for the next customer.  Sometimes it can be very easy if it was only one person, but if it was a large family it could be very messy.  All the left over plates, cups and utensils need to be cleared away to the kitchen to be washed.  The table top will also need to be wiped down of any food or spills, so it is fresh and clean for the next diners.   And if there are placemats they too will need replacing.  My favorite placemats are the ones you can color in, especially when they leave crayons on the table for you to use.  Once the new place mats are down, a whole new table setting can be done.  Often restaurants and cafes will have a special way they like their tables to be set up and its up to the wait staff to make sure that its done that way for every table.  It may involve fancy folded napkins, or how the glasses or utensils get lined up. Some times it involves a whole new setting of plates, utensils and glasses and other times the table is bare except for the salt and pepper shakers.  But regardless of what the restaurants table set up may look like, the table has to be ready so new customers can come in and enjoy their meal. My name is Katie and I am a professional photographer.  My seven year old daughter Penny also takes pictures with her camera. When Penny was five she asked me to show her how to take photos. She needed her own small camera so she can learn. We went to the store and bought Penny her first camera. We then went to the dog park. Penny loves dogs and wanted to photograph them. We arrived at the park and sat down on a bench so I can teach her how to use her camera. She opened the box and got her camera out. Penny pressed the big red button and the camera cut on. I showed her how to hold the camera correctly and how to take her first photo. Since then, Penny has learned how to take beautiful photographs. She is planning to teach other children how to take photos. It has been raining a lot and the lawn has been growing. So I mowed the lawn this morning. I had to go to the gas station to get some more gas to put into the lawn mower. Fortunately my lawn is small. But to me it is a hassle to have to mow it. Sometimes I mow it once a week. Anyhow, I put the gas into the mower, but it would not start. I think it needed some more oil. I but a bit of oil in and it started right up. I mowed in rows as I usually do. There were several sticks on the ground I had to pick up. I don't like mowing over sticks. There was a turtle hiding in the bushes while I was mowing. I had to lock my dog inside the house. My dog would chase the lawn mower if I didn't. It is an exciting time when going to the movie theater. My mom takes me and my siblings every summer. The theater is about 30 minutes away from our house. My mom always buys tickets ahead of time to make sure we have tickets since the theater is a little distance away. Once we are at the theater we pick up our pre ordered tickets. We then head to the snack line. While waiting in the line we all decide what snacks we want. I love to get popcorn with lots of butter, a pickle and a large Dr. Pepper. After we get our snacks we head to the theater to watch the movie. Once inside, we pick out what seats we would like. We don't want to be too close or too far, the middle is the perfect spot. Once we get settled the movie starts. Everyone is quietly watching the movie until it is over. Then we all drive back home. I enjoy drinking tea.  I made tea just this morning as a pleasant start to my day.  I filled my kettle up with water and put it on the stove.  I turned the heat all the way up so that the water would get hot quickly.  When the kettle started to whistle, that let me know the water was hot.  I poured the water into a mug, being very careful not to burn myself.  I scooped out some tea leaves into a little tea infuser, which I put in my mug.  After several minutes, I felt like the tea was probably strong enough to start drinking.  I like to add a little honey to my tea to make it sweet.  After I finished my cup of tea, there was enough hot water to make more! I poured water into a thermos, added more tea to the tea infuser, and sealed it up tight so that I'd have some nice strong tea ready to drink when I got to work. Last night my air conditioner stopped working. It was so hot and sweaty while I was sleeping. It was clear when I woke up that I was going to have to change my sheets! I took off the blankets, sheets and pillow cases. I took them all to the laundry room. I placed the into the washing machine. I added the proper amount of liquid laundry detergent. I like the stuff that has a really strong smell. I closed the lid and let it wash. After it was done, I removed them and placed the in the dryer with a fabric softener sheet. They took an hour to dry. I removed them while they were still warm and carried them to my room. I placed the fitted sheet on, as the corners played a game of popping off as I ran from corner to corner putting it back on. I then put the flat sheet on, the blankets on the pillow cases on and top a moment to lay on top of the fresh bedding and just smell it for a minute. That is the best smell in the world. I always wash my hair at the beginning of my shower. I make the water hot and stand under the hot water to make my hair wet. I switch between different shampoo and conditioner brands so grab whichever scent I want to smell that day. I squeeze a big glob of shampoo in my hand and rub my hands together then lather it into my hair, I rinse the shampoo out. I squeeze the matching conditioner into my hand and start at my roots rubbing it up to my scalp. Once I get all of the conditioner distributed I let it sit for a few minutes to do it's job, I wash the rest of my body while the conditioner is working. I rinse out all of the conditioner and turn the water off. I gently put my hair up in a towel to dry it and when it is towel dry I run leave in conditioner through it to make it more manageable. My dog justice is begging me to walk her. I get up and put her leash on. She starts wagging her tail. Justice also started to scratch the door. We proceed out the door. The sun is shining. We walk up the street to the park. I also had to remember to bring her water and bowl. I brought her ball to play catch. We stop and play fetch. Justice loves playing fetch. I also brought a bag in case she poops. After the park we head to the lake. We sit at the lake and she goes swimming. We swim for a little bit. We begin our journey back home. She is wet and she doesn't care. She dries off while we are walking. I let her smell the flowers. She goes poop on someone's lawn. I pick it up with my pooper scooper. We go home and relax Every week I go to the store to stock up on groceries for my family.  First, I make a plan for the meals I want to make during the week.  Then, I look through the cupboards and refrigerator and freezer to see what I already have.  If I need something to make a meal and I don't have it already on hand, I put it on my list.  After I do this, I then check my pantry for staples.  I like to always have certain things on hand like ketchup or vegetable oil.  I also check to make sure we don't need any paper products like toilet paper or paper towel.  If I find anything that we need, it goes on the list.  Once my list is complete, I get in the car and drive to the store.  I make sure to mark off each item as I put it in the cart so I don't miss anything. I went to the Dallas Museum of Art yesterday. It was so much fun. I took my friend Becky. She loves art. When we got there we bought our tickets. I liked the big entrance with all types of art all around. First we went to the painting area. There were many paintings. We could have spent the whole day looking at all the paintings and talking about them. One painting had a lady in front of a house. It looked simple, but my friend Becky explained the painting to me. The painting had meanings or symbolism in it. She said it was like a story looking at the lady's facial expression and how her house looked. Next we went to look at the sculptures. There were very old ones and some modern ones as well. I think I liked the paintings better. I liked the colors of the painting. The phone rang and I went over to it and I picked up the receiver and said "Hello."  "who is calling please?"  It was gramma and I talked with her for a period of time about my day and she told me about hers and what she had been dong and how grandpa was.  She calling to speak with my mother but she was not home at the time.  Gramma asked if I had a pencil and paper and could take a message for mom and give it to her when she cane home.  I said I would do the best I could to do so.  I got a pencil and paper and slowly wrote down what gramma told me, and she had me read it back to her to make sure I got the information right.  I did and I said "goodbye" to gramma and she said "goodbye" to me. This morning I woke to find I needed to do laundry. The first thing I did was divide my clothes in to piles, based on how I would wash them. The light clothes were in one pile. Dark and heavy clothes were in another. The white clothes, that I would also add bleach to, were in a third. The clothes I could not wash, that needed to be dry cleaned were put aside. I loaded the first set of clothes in to the washer, the white. I picked up the bottle of laundry soap and filled the cap up all the way. I poured the cap over the clothes in the washer. I poured a bit of bleach in as well, to make sure all the stains came out. Once they were ready, I turned the dial on the machine. I made sure it was washing on warm and the dial read "whites". I waited for them to finish and put the in the dryer. Once I had I did the same thing over again, only not using bleach, for the other piles of clothes. It is chaos when these kids are playing. I let them do it on one condition that they will clean up after they play, but they had to go for appointment, so today was my turn to so it. First of all I made sure that everything is else is taken care of except toys. So I picked up any clothes were lying around. Then, i picked up all the books and put it on shelf. Grabbed the toy box and put the toys in which supposed to go in. There are some big dolls which I put it bu the closet. There is riding horse that I moved it to the corner. Some trucks and cars where there which are kind of big, I arranged them on shelf. There were so many crayons were lying around so I put them all in plastic bag. The doll house furniture was misplaced so I put them back on its place and I was done. Our poor Baby saw the Doctor and she had a ear infection. The Doctor gave her some medicine to take for 10 days, to make her feel better. She likes bubblegum flavored so we had it made to taste just like bubblegum. We loaded her medicine dropper to the amount she needed. When she saw me with the dropper she curled her lips and started crying. I showed her I liked the medicine and that it was tasted really yummy. Then I pretended it was a truck and it drove right into her mouth. She looked puzzled at first then she smiled and reached for more. I laughed at her and said no you will need to wait until it is time for you to take it again. Now when she sees the dropped with her medicine she smiles at me and claps. She enjoys the train dropping her medicine of in her mouth every day. When my girlfriend and I decided to take a vacation to Florida and we knew we needed to make flight reservations.  We went online and looked at our favorite airline to see what flights they had to Florida the day we wanted to leave and a flight the day wanted to come home.  We found flights we wanted and set to making our reservation.  We made sure the flights we liked had two seats available, and we got to choose where on the airplane we got to sit.  We choose two seats together in row 10, a window seat and a middle.  While the middle seat isn't as much fun as the window it meant we could sit together.  Now that we had our seats, for the way there, we then picked out seats for the way home and we were able to pick the same ones.  Now with both flights selected, we went to the payment page and paid for the seats with a credit card.  With the flights paid for, we could print out our tickets for our trip to Florida. I went out to eat at a restaurant last weekend with my husband. We went to a place that is pretty popular in town and has gotten really good reviews. We had to wait a few minutes for a table, but soon enough we were seated. The restaurant had a warm and friendly feel, and our waiter appeared right after we were seated. She was warm and friendly too. She greeted us and asked for our drink orders. My husband just wanted water, but I got an unsweet tea with lemon. We chose not to order an appetizer, but the waitress brought our drinks and a basket of rolls for us to snack on. We ordered our entrees then, having had time to study the menu. My husband got a steak and baked potato with a side of steamed broccoli and I ordered the salmon and wild rice. Our waitress took the order, then promised to have our food out soon. We sampled the bread while she was gone. The rolls were delicious and the tea was refreshing. My husband and I began talking about how our days had been and discussing moving, which we are in the middle of currently. We talked for a few minutes until our food arrived, then settled down to eat. I had only taken a bite of my fish, however, when I realized that something was wrong. The smell was off and it had a bad taste. I thought it must be bad. I waited until our waitress was coming back by, then I asked her if she would take it back and bring me something different, because I felt like the salmon was going bad. She agreed and I ordered a steak like my husband got. He said his was delicious. The waitress took the fish and apologized profusely. She brought my steak out very shortly and it was fantastic. She kept checking on us throughout the meal, and the manager even came over to offer us a free dessert. He apologized for the salmon and said that the cook had made a mistake and pulled from the stock that was about to be thrown away. We accepted the free dessert, New York-style cheesecake. It was so creamy and sweet. We enjoyed our meal, overall. Our waitress brought us out ticket and even marked down our meal. We tipped generously and left satisfied. Going to the dentist was hard for Mike. He was a little bit afraid of going, but his mom always went with him.  When he got to the dentist office, they were all nice to him.  He had to go sit in a dentist chair, and lean back for the lady to check his teeth.  Then she started to clean his teeth with a little machine and a little stick.  The machine made a whirring sound , but it was just water in it, and it washed his mouth out when she finished.  She then rubbed his teeth with a buffer, that made his teeth shine.  It tasted like bubble gum. He liked that part.  Then the dentist came in and examined his mouth, to make sure the lady cleaned them well. He was also checking for cavities.  Mike had no cavities that day, and the dentist was happy with Mike's clean mouth. He gave Mike a bag of things to take home, a new toothbrush, toothpaste, and floss. I always want to cook and finally I did it last night. I chose to have an egg-drop soup since it should be easy to do and great to taste. I prepared all ingredients: two scrambled eggs on a bowl, one teaspoon of corn starch mixed with water, a handful of chopped green onion, one teaspoon of sesame oil, a half teaspoon of salt, a teaspoon of soy sauce. I placed them in sequence of cooking order so I could just keep pouring them into the pot without messing up orders. Darn, I missed the most important item - boiling water. With water started boiling in the pot, I began putting ingredients in as plan. The soup finished good, but still seemed to be missing something. Oh, it was the white pepper power and black vinegar. It was not too late to add them in. With the final touch, it tasted much better. That was not too bad for my first soup. If theres one cleaning task I used to put off the most, it was definitely cleaning the shower. I mixed up a batch of the homemade shower cleaner and sprayed it liberally my bathroom shower, which needed some serious help at the time. The homemade shower cleaner consist of  a spray bottle, 1 cup of dawn dishwasher liquid and 1 cup of vinegar and regular water. After I sprayed my homemade solution around the shower I let it sit for around an hour. After an hour, I grabbed a scrubbing brush and began to scrub away all the mildew stains that were in the shower. I find it best that you have the bathroom well-ventilated when you start scrubbing because you don't want to inhale all those nasty chemicals when your scrubbing away at your shower. After I finished scrubbing away all the shower gunk I turned on the shower and let all the dirty water and cleaning agents flow into the shower drain. I decided to go camping tomorrow night.  To prepare, we needed to get some supplies.  We took our sleeping bags from the closet, and put them in the trunk of the car.  We packed a bag with food; snacks like pretzels, canned beans and corn, sandwiches, fruit and some water.   We carried blankets, flashlights, hats and gloves to the car, and packed a separate bag with clothes and extra shoes.  We made sure that we had a map that would direct us to the campsite, and extra batteries for our flashlights.  We were only staying one night, but had to make sure we were prepared for cold weather and had enough food.  When the car was packed, we went to the gas station to put extra gas in our car to make sure we would have enough to get to and from the campsite the next day.  We would sleep that night, and tomorrow morning would pack our pillows, tooth brushes and toothpaste, get dressed and get in the car to drive to the campsite. Billy decided he wanted to hang his new painting of a locomotive in his bedroom, he had the perfect spot picked, right above the cat tree in the corner of his bedroom. He held the picture up to the wall finding the perfect spot and marked the center of it with a pencil so he knew where the nail should go. Billy then went to his hallway closet where he had a small dresser where he kept his tools and he picked up a hammer, a nail, and a level. Billy then gently tapped the nail into the wall with the nail angled upwards a little to help hold the picture in place with his hammer being careful not to tap the nail in to the wall too far as it wouldve been hard for him to pull out. He then hung the picture on the nail and used the level on the bottom of the picture so he could make sure the picture was straight on the wall. Billy then stood back and admired his new painting of a locomotive hes wanted for a long time. My wife had a stressful week at work and the weekend had finally come. I knew she needed to relax and feel pampered, so I arranged for us to visit the local sauna. I surprised her with the news and she seemed very happy. We both put on some comfortable clothing and headed to our relaxing retreat. When we got there the attendant took our information and asked what services we would be needing. I arranged for massages for both of us and we were given locker keys and robes. We parted ways to go into the appropriate locker rooms and change into our robes and the swimwear we brought along. After changing we had our massages, relaxing all parts of our bodies. Then we both went into a private sauna room and closed the wooden door. There was a pot of hot coals in the middle of the room and we had been instructed how to use it. I took a ladle of water from the pedestal  in the corner and poured it on the hot coals. Steam poured out of the coals and filled the warm room. Soon the sauna was filled with warm soothing steam and we both laid down together on the benches and took in the sensations. We became extremely relaxed and had forgotten about the stresses of work. Afterwards, we both changed back into our clothing and headed home for a stress-free weekend. An unfortunate truth of life is that some day we all die. Sadly, I lost my grandmother a couple weeks ago. She was in poor health for the past eight years due to a stroke, and a second major stroke several weeks prior to her death left her completely incapacitated. It was a long distance to get to Wisconsin, so I flew out from New York the day before the wake. All my family was there, including my aunts, uncles, cousins, and parents. The wake was sad, but my family put together photos and a video from my grandmother's life, and we talked about the good times we remembered. The following morning, we attended the funeral, where my uncle gave a eulogy, the pastor gave a sermon, and we sang some of grandma's favorite hymns. We then drove in a procession, or long line of cars, to the graveyard, where we said our final goodbyes and cried. Funerals are always sad, but we get to reminisce on memories of good times with our departed loved ones. Beth and Tim usually prepare dinner almost every night at their house.  They have two children, and when they get home at night from work, Beth and Tim usually start by getting out the pots and pans to cook with.  They look into their refrigerator, and see what they have to cook that night. Last night they picked out steak, some vegetables, and some bread to make a dinner.  They put all the food onto the counter, and started to wash the vegetables first.  Then they cut up the vegetables to make a salad.  They put the salad to the side, and made sure that they had some salad dressing in the refrigerator, so that they could use that for the salad.  They put salt, pepper and some steak sauce on the steak for seasoning.   Next, they heated up the oven, and put the steaks into the oven on high heat. It didn't take long for the steaks to cook, and then they cut up pieces of bread with butter, and put the food on plates to feed everyone. I had planned a barbecue for all of my friends, and today was the day that it was going to happen.  I got up in the morning to go to the store to get some stuff for the barbecue.  I got in the car and went to the store.  At the store, I went through the aisles and got meat, vegetables , fruits, and so much more.  I went back home to start cooking so I could start the barbecue.  I went outside and started the grill.  I put all of the meat and vegetables on the grill to cook them.  Then all of my friends came.  The food was ready and we started to eat.  We ate the meat and the vegetables. It was really good.  Then we talked and had a lot of fun.  Then everyone left and I cleaned everything up.  Then I went back inside and finished my day. The other day was so crazy! I came home and the kitchen was on fire! I guess Dave left the stove on when he cooked lunch and went back to work and forgot about it. But I could see smoke coming out the door the second I got my key out and it was so warm in the garage. I was freaking out, ran out to the car and got my cell phone. I called 911 as fast as I could. Luckily for us, the fire department is only a mile away and they were there in just 3-4 minutes. Those guys were awesome. They put out the fire so fast and ran in the house without thinking about risking their own lives or limbs. They got it out and only caused a minor amount of damage to the other rooms in the house. The kitchen will need some work but it could have been so much worse. Thank God for those firemen responding quickly after I called 911. I was driving home from work when I noticed that the low fuel light on my dashboard had turned on. I needed to stop for gas otherwise I probably wouldn't make it back to my house. As I was driving, I looked for a gas station. When I found one with good, affordable gas prices, I turned in and pulled up next to a gas pump. I took my wallet out of my purse and got out of my car. I swiped my credit card at the pump and chose the type of fuel that I wanted. I put the gas pump into my car and began fueling. My gas tank was almost empty so it took awhile for my tank to fill up. The gas pump clicked off automatically when my tank was full, and I took the pump out and put it back in its place. I shut my gas cap, took my receipt, and got back in my car to drive home. Tanya loved hanging pictures with her father.  She loved painting things for him.  So, her father decided one day to help her hang some of the paintings.  He helped her pick some of her favorite drawings, and put them in beautiful frames from the store. He had little frames and big frames, and she put in different pictures in each one.  Then her father took a painting in the frame, and a hook, and pushed the hook in the wall.  It screwed in easily, and he made sure that it was against the wall, and then he hung the frame on the hook.  He made sure that the hook was latched onto the frame on the back, and that it was hanging straight.  He hung all her frames up with all her pictures that way.  Her mom was happy to see all her art work in nice frames on the wall. My shower was filthy and grimy. Whoa! All that shower dirt had to go. So what I did was, I went over to my local Walmart, and I bought a sponge, a pair of rubber gloves, any empty five gallon bucket, bleach and shower spray cleaner. I gathered those things and bought them all, and all cost me 9.89 in total, including tax for  these shower cleaning supplies. I headed back home, filled a bucket up with two gallons of hot water, and added two tablespoons of bleach and about a quarter cup of shower cleaner. After that I put on some rubber gloves onto my hands in order to protect them from the harsh chemicals. I then put the sponge deep into the bucket cleaning solution, and then proceeded to scrub my shower with the dousing wet sponge. I rubbed out all of the grime out of the shower with the wet, chemically treated sponge. After I completed the scrub down, it was time to rinse, so I simply ran the shower head with lukewarm water in order to drain all the grime down the shower drain. After that, my shower was finally clean, grime free and looked like new! We made our selection at the steakhouse, slowly sipping our wine to kill the time when the waitress arrived with salads and soon after the entrees. I picked up my knife and began to cut only to realize that the steak was medium. I was so disappointed. I had specifically made the point that I wanted my steak to be rare.  I had a moment's hesitation wondering if I should send it back. I remembered my days working in a restaurant and all things that happen to food that was sent back but in the end,  I decided to be very polite and the waitress if she would indeed take my steak back to kitchen knowing they would have to start over. It would totally kill the timing of our dinner but I had waited so long to come try these steaks that I decided it was worth the risk. A few minutes later my steak arrived and it was perfect. My wife and I decided to have a picnic with my sister and brother-in-law.  We picked out a park to go to because it had a pavilion we could sit under to enjoy the weather.  My wife and I planned to make a salad that had avocado and peppers in it.  My sister said that she would bring pizza and a dessert.  We prepared the salad by cutting up the lettuce and other veggies for the salad.  We put it in a bowl and took it with us as we drove to the park.  We found the place to eat and waited for my sister and brother-in-law to arrive.  After about ten minutes, they showed up with the food and the tablecloth.  We laid out the cloth and put the food on it and the plates.  We ate for the next couple of hours together there. This Morning I was alone in my house. I was at upstairs bedroom. I was reading news paper. Suddenly, I heard a doorbell. I was not sure who it was. I went down the stairs. Then I went towards the door. I looked through the door hole to see who is at the door. It is very important to check who is outside before opening the door. What I saw through the door hole was that It was courier delivery guy. He seemed authentic. So I unlocked the door and rotated the door knob to open the door. The courier guy greeted me, and asked me to sign on a paper before receiving my courier. This is done to make sure the correct person for whom the parcel was intended only gets it. So I signed the paper, took the parcel. The courier guy smiled at me, I said bye to him and then I closed the door and locked it again. The mailman brought the mail up to my door, and I took it from him, and said, "Hello, thank you for bring the mail." He said, "You are most welcome, Ms. Dearling. Have a great day." In the stack of envelopes and news flyers, I found a letter from my sister Autumn. She was writing to me about coming to Indiana for a visit. I quickly went to my desk and pulled out a sheet of paper. Sitting down in my desk chair, I though about my school schedule for the next couple of weeks. There was no reason I would be too busy for her to come and visit the week after my next test. I dug around in the drawer for a pen, but didn't find one. There's always one in the kitchen by the phone, I thought to myself. I quickly ran in and grabbed it. Sitting back down, I wrote, "Dear Autumn," at the top of the page. Telling her to come visit and the dates she could choose from, I quickly put the folded letter in an envelope, addressed it, and put a stamp on the front. I put it in the mailbox and put the little red flag up. That way the mailman would know there was a letter in there for him to pick up the next day. I was happy my sister was coming to visit soon! I was thirsty so I decided to make a cup of tea. I looked through my box of teas and rifled through the assorted flavors. I settled on Earl Gray, which is a black tea flavored with bergamot orange. I filled the kettle with water and placed it on the stove, turning on the burner so that it would heat up and begin boiling. In the meantime, I got out a teacup and saucer, and then removed the teabag from the package and placed it into the empty cup. After a time, the water on the stove began boiling, so I removed it from the stove top and poured a cup-size amount into the teacup. It filled the cup, covering the teabag, soaking it. I removed a spoon from the drawer and placed it in the cup, stirring gently as the contents of the teabag were released and began to color the water a light brown. After some more stirring, the teabag's contents were entirely released and the tea was ready to drink. Last year, when  I threw a party for my girlfriends birthday, I prepared a nice party with family and friends both excited. My first task was finding a day that would work and trying to be discrete about it. This was difficult because we are both busy and also because I had to alert both of our friends to invite while making sure that none of them gave away the secret. I also had to figure out how I was going to get my girlfriend to the party without telling her that we were having a party for her. After establishing all of these details, I planned the party and sent invites, planned the food, and planned some gifts. This experience was good, but was somewhat difficult . As a the party went on, my girlfriend enjoyed it and appreciated my effort. It was fun and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. We opened up the dishwasher. It was filled with dishes that had been cleaned. We took out a few dishes and checked to see if they were clean and dry. The dishes were clean and reflected the light that shone on them. Some of the dishes were not completely dry. We used a clean dish cloth to dry the still somewhat wet dishes by dabbing and gently rubbing the spots of water. We hung the dish cloth back up to let it dry. We took the dishes out one by one. We were careful not to have them clang together too loudly and did not want to accidentally break anything. We set the dishes on the counter, trying to create patterns of large dishes on the bottom and small dishes on the top. We opened the cupboard and placed the largest dishes on the bottom. We placed the smaller dishes on top. Sometimes it becomes big deal to do little things. Same applies for me to change batteries. I have an alarm clock, and needed a battery change. So many times I forgot to get some batteries from store, and once I Had it, forgot where did I put. But finally day came, when I can do it. I got my clock, opened the place to install the batteries with screw driver. The slot was kind of rusted, but worked. Then with help of pointy side of screw driver, I clicked the old batteries out. The one I had them before took them out, now I looked for negative and positive , both on batteries and on place where I had to install them. Because if you do not install them right , it is not going to work right.  I put them in, then adjusted the time on clock, and reset the time for alarm, I really wanted a painting for my hall bathroom. I decided to order a painting of my girls in the bathtub in black and white print. It took a lot of convincing for my husband to hang the painting. He first took out the stud finder and tape measure. He always wants it to be perfect. He found the center of the wall and the stud. He then took out his drill and drilled the screw in the wall. After the screw was in the wall and perfect, I gave him the painting to hang on the wall. Once it was up I made sure it was straight on the wall. I am very happy with the painting that I chose for my bathroom. It just goes perfectly in there and I was very happy my husband decided to hang it for me since he hates hanging pictures in the house! After my kids went to bed tonight, I looked in their playroom and noticed that the had left toys out. I did not want anyone to walk through the room and trip on any of the toys that had been left out. I decided to clean up the toys. I bent down and picked up several stuffed animals and put them back in the toy box. Then I picked up puzzle pieces and put them back in the box they came in. After that, I saw that there were a lot of Legos that were left out of the Lego container. Since they are small and can be hard to see, I sat down on the rug and picked up all of the Lego pieces so I could put them away. The last thing I did was clean up a few Barbie dolls that had not been put away either. Once the playroom was clean, I went to sleep. My little boy was sick, his tummy hurt and he needed medicine to feel better. I went to the medicine cabinet and looked for the stomach medicine. I read the directions and took the bottle into the kitchen. It has a measuring cup on the top, so I took it off and placed it on the counter. I opened the bottle of medicine, then picked the cup up and looked at the measuring lines to see what dose to give him. I held the cup at eye level and poured the medicine in the cup. I checked to make sure it had the right amount and placed the cup back on the counter. I replaced the lid on the medicine. I took him the medicine and told him to drink it. He drank the medicine. I took the cup when he was done and washed it out. I put the cup back on top of the medicine bottle and took the bottle back to the bathroom. I opened the medicine cabinet and put it back in its place. On a hot summer day nothing is better then going to a swimming pool.  There is one at the community center by us so we can walk there.  Before we go, we get into our bathing suits and put on our flip flops.  We make sure to pack snacks, and towels and drinks into a bag, and grab a float and a ball to play with.  We walk to the pool, the hot day making us even more excited to going swimming.  Once there, we hurry to find empty lounge chairs to put our towels on and waste no time getting into the pool.  The water feels so cold at first, but its so refreshing.  We swim around and realize we have friends there.  We play a game with the ball for a while before getting out for snacks.  We dry out in the sun while we eat and drink and when we are hot again we get back into the water to swim some more.  Going to the swimming pool on hot days is the best way to stay cool and have fun too. Today I decided to clean up my flat where I live. I decided to start in my kitchen. I washed, dried and put away all of my dirty dishes, swept my kitchen floor and wiped down my counter tops and table. I also took out my garbage and put it at the end of my driveway for the garbage man to pick up. Then I moved onto my living room. I tidied up my couch and put away and miscellaneous items like books, blankets, snacks, etc. I then vacuumed my floor and dusted around my TV and bookshelf. The next room to clean was the bathroom. I used a toilet brush to scrub the inside of my toilet, and wiped down my sink and mirror. I put away any items that were left out, like toothpaste and face wash. I then used a sponge to scrub my bathtub and swept my tile floor. The last room to clean was my bedroom. I made my bed and put away my laundry. I dusted my shelves and the top of my dresser. Lastly, I vacuumed my floor. I was finally done and now had a clean flat! The garbage in the kitchen was getting too high and needed to be changed.   I had four clips on the top of the garbage bag which I unclipped .  Then I took the bag from the waste basket.  I pulled the bag out of the container carefully so that it did not spill.   I secured the bag at the top with the ties that came with the bag and I set it aside on the floor.   I went to the kitchen cabinet, opened it and took a new garbage bag out of the box.  I closed the cabinet door.  Then I went back to the empty wastebasket.  I fluffed out the new garbage bag so that it would fill properly.   I inserted it into the empty container and secure it with clips on all sides at the top.   Then I took the full garbage bag out to the car to carry to the town dumpsters. Today I wanted to read the newspaper, but I do not have a newspaper subscription.  I decided that the best way to get the newspaper would be to go to the library and read it there.  I got dressed, put on my bike helmet, and biked over to the local public library.  There, I went in and asked the library clerk where the daily newspapers were located.  She directed me to the third floor, where all of the periodicals and newspapers were kept.  I thanked her and went up the stairs to the third floor, seeing the newspapers held on large wooden sticks.  I found the newspaper I wanted, the New York Times, and took it over to a large empty reading table.  There, I scrolled through the pages that interested me, mainly the sports and politics sections, before returning the newspaper, exiting the library, and riding home on my bike. Mikey and his mom went to the Natural Museum of History this weekend.  While he was there , he saw many wonderful things.  At the museum, they had old giant bones of dinosaurs, wonderful movies of them, and lots of other wonderful animals there as well.  They even had lions and tiger bones, and Mikey was thrilled.  He spent all day looking at wonderful sites of nature, and how beautiful God's creation is.  He learned about conservation, and taking care of our planet.  He learned about the earth, the water and ocean, and even the skies and planets.  While he was there, they had a shop that you could buy toys and cards in.  He bought a gift for his brother and dad. One of the gifts was a dinosaur for his brother, and his dad got a world cup for coffee. His mother and him ate lunch there, and they got to see a movie of dinosaurs. They had a wonderful time. I was at home watching the baby while my wife was at work. I feed the baby and was just watching TV when I could tell that it was time to change the babies diaper. I went and got the diaper bag with everything that I would need to change the baby. I laid the baby down on the changing table and removed the old diaper and wiped down the baby to get her clean. Then I put some fresh powder on the baby and took out a new fresh diaper and put it on the baby. Now the baby was all fresh and clean and smelled really nice also.The baby was in a better mood after I changed her she was more at ease and happy because she was clean and feeling better. I always try to stay on top of changing the babies diaper because they feel better and it is better for them. Last weekend I woke up in a bad mood.  I went to make some coffee to wake me up.  I ground up the coffee.  The coffee grinder was loud and woke up my wife.  She asked me to make her some coffee too!  I had to grind up some more beans.  I put some filtered water in a microwave safe container.  I put the container into our microwave, which was three years old!  I had to heat up the water for six minutes because our microwave is not that fast.  I placed a filter on top of a coffee cup for my wife.  I filled the filter up with the coffee I had ground.  I tamped down the coffee grounds with my hand.  Then I carefully poured the hot water from the microwave over the coffee grounds.  I allowed the water to soak into the coffee grounds, and I allowed the grounds to come to rest in the filter.  Then I slowly poured more of the water into the grounds.  I gave my wife her cup of coffee when the water was done draining. My wife and I have been married for over 50 years and we aren't quite as athletic as we used to be. About once a month, however, my wife and I get bored and decide to do something we've been doing together since we met 50 long years ago. I dress up in one of my nicer suits and she puts on a dress in which she looks absolutely beautiful. We belong to a club that holds dance lessons every week so we sign up in advance and make our way there. Once we arrive we greet all of our old friends and get a short lesson on what we're to be learning that evening. Then, for about an hour or so, my wife and I dance with each other and some of our friends. We try to keep up with all the steps, but our old joints soon make us aware of our age. Even still, I would never give up the opportunity to dance. Today we are going to the mall! We jump in the van and drive to a really big building. The building is so big that there are lots and lots of spaces just so that all of the cars will have a place to park. We walk through some big sliding doors and head to a place that has lots of different types of foods. I smell pretzels and fruit, pizza and fried chicken, and perfumes from all of the different people. When he are done eating, we go to the clothing store. This store has lots of shoes and clothes. We try on lots of different shirts and jeans. Mother and I go to the cash register and talk to the pretty lady. She has really big earrings. Then mother pays her for our clothes and we go back out to the place where there are lots of things to eat. We go through the giant sliding doors again and head home. My friends and I wanted to make a camping trip. We first had to decide where to go. We picked a national park not very far away. We had to call and speak to the park ranger and arrange a spot to set up camp.Once we did, we began to plan the rest. We had to make sure we had the right equipment. We purchased a tent that was big enough for all of us and enough sleeping bags to sleep us all. We took some cast iron skillets from the kitchen, so we could cook with them. We also bought enough food. We bought food that would not go bad if it was not in a fridge. We bought lots of canned food. We also bought bottled water, enough to last the whole trip. We paced the clothes we would wear. We also packed all our gear. When we were sure we were ready, we headed out to the woods to go camping. Having pets requires a good amount of responsibility. One of the biggest responsibilities any pet owner has is making sure their pets are fed. This is the case for me and my cat. Just this morning, the first thing I did after waking up was feed him. The cat usually always has a way to tell me that he's hungry. If he doesn't jump onto my bead and brush up against my head, he'll meow very loudly while standing next to the pantry, where I keep the cans of food. Once I see that he's hungry and trying to tell me, I go over to the pantry and grab a can of cat food. I use a can opener to crack it open, and then I pour it into his bowl. I'll then watch him as he eats. He never leaves a single piece of food in his bowl, and always licks it clean. Last night , I booked my ticket to Boston . I got on the computer and found the next available train and purchased my ticket . I packed my bag and printed my purchase confirmation . This morning , I headed to the train station . I handed my receipt to the clerk and he handed me my ticket . My train was scheduled to depart at 8:00 AM . I checked my watch and saw it was 7:35 AM . I quickly headed to the gate where my train was . I approached the gate and handed my ticket over . I was easily able to board the train . I found my seat towards the back of the train . I was happy to have a window seat so I could view the scenery during the trip . I set my luggage aside and settled into my seat . The steward came over and asked if I wanted a beverage . I said I would like a water . She quickly returned with my drink . Shortly after , the train departed . I was impressed with the scenery during the trip . I also chatted with a few other passengers and enjoyed a quick nap during the trip . After about two hours , the train arrived at its destination . I gathered my luggage and got off the train . I had arrived in Boston .  On a bright, sunny Monday morning I put on some light clothes and headed outside to mow my lawn. I opened the garage door, put on my sunglasses, and grabbed a bottle of cold water. I gassed up the lawn mower with my portable gas tank. I pushed the mower into the yard where I normally started to mow. I cranked to mower, and on the third try it started. I pushed the mower back and forth throughout my yard, creating straight and conformed lines. Once I had completely mowed the front of my yard, I turned the mower off and took long drinks of my water. I then pushed the mower to the backyard and started it up again. Making straight lines in the grass, I completed the backyard, as well. As I turned my mower off, a neighbor who was passing by waved and gave me a smile. I smiled back and continued to clean up and put my mower away. I recently got a haircut . I was n't happy with my previous haircut , so I wanted to try someplace new . I searched online for barbers and salons that were highly rated in the area . I finally decided on one that was fairly close by , highly reviewed , and had fair prices . I called the salon and made an appointment for the next day . Upon arriving , I was greeted by a very nice hair stylist . She had me sit in the chair and asked me how I wanted my hair cut . I told her exactly what I wanted and she understood completely . She went to work immediately , we made small talk . She was very friendly . After she cut my hair , she washed it . After drying my hair , she added a little wax to style the hair . I was very happy with the haircut . I then paid and gave her a tip for her service .  I had to clean the floor yesterday. Sometimes it seems like a big chore, but once I start it does not seem that hard. I have a lot of throw rugs and pick them up first before cleaning the floor. I fold the rugs so that any dirt in them does not get on the floor. I like to sweep. I sweep all around the floor and even along the wall and corners of the room very well. I saw a spill mark in the kitchen and got a damp paper towel to clean up the mark. It took some scrubbing but finally came off the floor. I went outside to shack out my throw rugs. It was a nice day outside. I vacuumed my big rugs. Some of my floor needed to be mopped, so I did that and let the floors dry. I will try not to get the floors dirty. I wanted to talk to my friend so I had to write her a letter. I sat at my desk and took out a piece of paper and a pen. I wrote her name in the top corner of the paper and wrote about everything going on in my life right now. I told her about how my pets were doing, how work was, and even have much my life has improved. I asked her how she was doing and that I thought about her all the time. At the end of the letter I told her to contact me anytime and signed my name. After the letter was finished I had to get an envelope and stamp so I could mail it to her. I wrote on the envelope ours names and addresses. I put the stamp on the envelope and put it in the mailbox so it could be delivered. I could not wait for her to get it. My friend Steve and I had seen advertisements on television for a new movie that was coming out to the theaters.  We waiting until opening day, and went down that night to buy our tickets to watch the show.  We waited in line for several minutes before we were able to pay for our tickets.  Once we had our tickets we got in line to buy some snacks.  I ordered a large popcorn with extra butter and a large Coke.  Steve ordered a medium popcorn with butter, some peanut M&Ms and a large Dr. Pepper.  Once we had our snacks we handed over our tickets to the usher and walked into the theater.  We carefully scouted for just the right seats.  When we found the perfect seats, we sat down and watched the movie previews to see what new movies would soon be coming out.  Once the previews were over, the theater darkened and the movie began. Today I woke up and decided to make bacon and eggs for breakfast. I walked to the kitchen and got out all of the ingredient I needed, which included, eggs, bacon, cheese, onion, and green pepper. I placed a skillet on the burner to heat up, and cracked two eggs into a bowl. I threw away the shells and stirred them up until mixed. I also put the bacon in the frying pan and flipped each piece after several minutes. Once the bacon was cooked, I poured the veggies and egg mixture into the pan, stirring occasionally, until the mixture set up and was solid. Once cooked, I removed the eggs and placed them on a plate along with the bacon. I put the plate on the table and poured out a glass of orange juice to go with my meal. I also peeled an orange and set it on the plate. It was delicious! We had an emergency and needed to get help, so I decided I called 911. First I picked up the receiver to the phone and paste it to my ear to listen for a doubts home. Once I was sure that I heard the dial tone waiting for me to doubt a number, I pushed the number button labeled with the number 9 on the keypad, then I press the button with the number one on it  two times. I held the phone next to my ear and mouth, as I listened to the phone ring one time. He merely after that ring, the operator who worked as a dispatcher for the emergency center I was calling answered the phone on the other in, asking me what my emergency was. Speaking through the speaker piece of the telephone, I explained that we had an emergency and needed an ambulance to respond to our location immediately. Today is grocery day , I go every Thursday . I check the paper on Wednesday and try to to match all the coupons I can to each sale . I grab my coupon book and head it to the store . AS I walk in there are item s stack that are unadvertised deals and I check the out to see if I need anything . I walk into the store and the way it is laid out I can easily find the items that I need pretty quickly , grocery shopping is not my favorite past time , I go to the deli counter and get lunch meat for help yourself nights and school lunches . I then head to the meat department to get some chicken and a roast for Sunday . Now time for the isles and my coupon matches , I head down each isle relativity quickly since I already know pretty much what I am going to buy and how much of it I need . I finish each isle and have all of my necessities . I go over to the bakery to see what they have on sale today and see a large carrot roll with cream cheese filling . So I place that in my cart and head for the checkout isle . I place all my purchases on the belt near the cashier and watch as each one is scanned , She totals my purchase and I pay for them . As I leave the store I look at my watch and realize it took me much less time as usual . Now I can enjoy the rest of my day !  Just recently, the light in my hallway went out, and since my younger brother is afraid of sleeping in the dark, this became an unnecessary problem. In order to calm him down, my dad went to the nearest hardware store to buy a brand new light bulb. He needed to make sure that the light bulb was the right size, so he took the old, burned out light bulb with him to compare. After finding the right size bulb, he paid for it and brought it back home. He then grabbed a nearby chair so that he could stand on to reach the empty socket where the bulb would go. He had me turn off the light switch, which would make sure that he would not get electrocuted while putting the bulb on or burned when it turns on. After less than 5 minutes, he is finished screwing in the bulb. We flip the switch to see if it works, and it does. My brother was now relieved. Early this morning I woke up to the sound of my newspaper landing on my driveway. I sat up and wrapped my pink robe around me. I slipped my feet into my slippers and looked at the clock. It was only 7:00 but it was time for me to get my newspaper and drink some coffee. I looked out the window and noticed it was raining quite a bit. I saw the newspaper at the end of my driveway, as far away as it could be. I grabbed my umbrella out of my coat closet and opened my front door enough to stick the umbrella through and open it outside. I stepped out the door and quickly covered my head with the umbrella. Then I ran to the end of my driveway, scooped up the newspaper in its plastic wrapping, and ran back to my front door. I closed my umbrella, took off my slippers, and dried off. Then, I unwrapped my newspaper and sat down to read it. First, we clear everything off the dining table that isn't related to dinner, such as crayons and papers and computers.  Then, we count how many people are going to come to dinner. Tonight, there is Mom, and Dad, and Grandma, and Grandpa, and Tom, and the Baby. So, we are having five people, and one person in the high chair. Then, we go get the five placemats out of the side cabinet. After we set the placemats neatly at chair. After we set a placemat at each chair, we go get the plates. Mom, Dad, Grandma, and Grandpa all get big plates, but Tom is still little, so he gets a small plastic plate. We set a plate on each placemat. Now we need a napkin for each place. Luckily, we still have some napkins left over from the birthday party last week, so we will use those. It doesn't matter that they say "Happy Birthday." We put a folded napkin to the left side of each plate. On top of each napkin we put a fork. Except for Tom, he gets a small fork. On the right side of the plate we put a knife and spoon. We need to be careful with the knives. Closer to the center of the table we put a glass by each plate. Tom gets a plastic glass, because he isn't ready for a real glass one yet. We are ready to eat! We look out the window and discover it is a bright sunny day, which is perfect for going to the beach. We load up the car with all sorts of beach things: buckets, shovels, beach chairs, towels, and an umbrella. We also pack a lunch in the cooler. Everyone in the family puts on their swimsuits and sunscreen. We drive to the beach, and we all unload the car and walk to the beach. We set up on the beach, with our chairs and the umbrella. Mom reads her book in the chair and hangs out with the baby, while Dad takes the older kids swimming. They are very careful to not go in the water too deep. After a while, Mom goes swimming, and Dad builds sand castles with the kids. We eat lunch, and then we shower at the some of the showers near the parking lot. We load all the towels, and buckets, and shovels back into the car, and we drive home. Yesterday, I had my first driving lesson. My mother told me it was time for me to learn, so we both got into the car, and drove to a part of my neighborhood that was sort of empty. There were not a lot of people living in this section, so it was more of a big area for me to practice. We got to the area, and we both got out of the car and switched seats. It felt very cool finally being in front of a steering wheel. I released the emergency brake, and put the car in drive, and did what my mom told me to do. We mainly drove around in circles and practiced driving in straight lines and making turns. After a few minutes practicing my turns, I put the car in reverse and practiced backing up. I made sure to look behind me to see if there was anyone, just so I knew it was safe. It felt very cool to have finally driven a car, and my mom told me how good of a job I did. Soup is my favorite thing to eat, no matter what time of year it is. Today, I decided I wanted to make some stuffed belle pepper soup. I made my grocery list and headed out to gather all of the ingredients I needed. I came home and got started right away, since I was excited. First, I chopped my onion and put it into the big pot with some olive oil. I stirred them frequently while they cooked. Next, I added some garlic into the pot. I then added some ground beef. I mixed it together and let it cook until it was browned. I then added a big carton of beef stock, some water, and a can of stewed tomatoes. I then chopped my bell peppers into small pieces and added them to the pot. I let the soup slowly boil until the peppers were soft. At the end, I threw in a handful of Italian bread crumbs and some Parmesan cheese for some flavor. I was so excited to serve up a bowl and eat it. I'm standing in my kitchen looking out the window at the front lawn when I notice the mail truck pass by and toss the daily paper out onto my driveway. I make sure I'm dressed to go outside and proceed to exit out my front door to retrieve the paper. Making sure no cars are close by on the road, where the paper was close by, I walked down my driveway and bent over to pick it up. The paper was enclosed in a plastic sleeve, so I removed the sleeve and threw it away in the garbage on my way back inside. The paper had been rolled up, so I proceeded to unroll it and smooth out any wrinkles or creases. I unfolded the paper to its regular size, and began to look at the main title on the front page. I open the paper up and look at the different sections where stories are written. Fish is my all time favorite dish from anywhere. I prefer fresh fish. We have big international market, and I bought some pomfret fish, which was $4 per pound. I bought 3 lbs. I decided to make fry fish. I told the butcher to make thin slices. I washed them nicely, dried them on paper. Then, I marinated fish  with salt lemon garlic and black pepper. Then, I seasoned flour with all time spice. Now, one by one I coated fish in seasoned flour and set aside. I put them in refrigerator for half an hour. After hour, I put the big flat pan on stove over 350 degrees. When It became hot enough, I slowly put pieces of fish one by one, next to each other. Did not overcrowd them. I let it cook each side for at least 3 to 4 minutes, and then turned them over, and cooked another 3 minutes on medium temperature. It was very crispy and delicious. My son and I decided that we wanted to go camping somewhere not too far from where we live. I looked online and found a campsite that had lots of activities. There was a lake and some biking trails so we would bring our swimsuits and our bicycles. The website said that the campground was first come first serve so we decided to get there early, around 3pm. We loaded the car with the tent and sleeping bags and some food to grill over the fire. When we got to the campground they assigned us a spot near the lake. We went to the campsite and unloaded our tent and set it up. We purchased some firewood at the store so we could have an evening fire. With things all ready for sleeping we put on our swimsuits and headed down to the lake. After our swim we went back to the campsite and started our fire. We made a nice dinner and read some stories before we went to bed. In the morning we rode our bikes on the bike trails and when we got back we pulled down the tent and packed up the car. It was a lovely camping experience. One of the buttons came off on my shirt, so I have to sew it back on. Sewing a button can be tricky, since you need a very steady hand. I get some thread and a sewing needle and get to work. I carefully put the button on my shirt, and start sewing. I tie a knot on the end of my thread, and put the needle through the underside of my shirt to where the button is. I guide the needle from under the shirt through one of the holes in the button, and then back through another hole. I do this many times, alternating between the four holes to make sure the button's on tight. There are a lot of ways you can sew a button, but I like to do it so the stitch looks like an X. Once I've done it enough times, I can tie off my thread and my button's as good as new! I was babysitting my nephew one night while my sister and brother in law went out on a date.  I had fed him, burped him and played with him.  We were in the middle of a peek a boo game when I smelled something off.  I knew he needed his diaper changed.  I went to the hallway and grabbed his diaper bag.  Then, I took out his green changing mat.  I searched through the bag and grabbed a clean diaper, the wipes and some baby powder.  Then I grabbed my nephew and took off his pants and unsnapped his onesie.  He was awfully wriggly, so I knew I'd have to do this quickly!  I took off his dirty diaper. Then, I took out a wipe from the container and wiped his backside.  When I was sure he was clean enough, I put the clean diaper under him and sprinkled baby powder over him.  Then I secured the diaper and put his clothes back on him. I decided that I wanted to eat toasted bread with my breakfast, so I opened the loaf of bread and removed two slices from the package. I took those two slices of bread and put them into the toaster, putting each slice of bread into its own open slots. Once the bread was situated in the toaster, I use my finger to push down the toaster lever. When I did that, the bread disappeared into the toaster, and as I looked inside I saw that the heating coils inside were warm and illuminated. I watched as that heat toasted the bread and the bread became darker in color. In an instant, the toaster bell rain, the toasted bread popped up, and the toaster turned off the heat and elimination of the coils. The bread have been toasted, and I removed the slices of toast from the toaster, placing them on my plate so that I can prepare them with butter and jelly for my breakfast. Yesterday I had to put gas into my car, so I drove to nearest gas station. When I pulled into the gas station I made sure I pulled my car up to the gas pump with the with the correct fueling side of the vehicle facing the gasoline pump. I got out of my car and took note of the gasoline pump number before walking into the gas station and telling the store clerk I need $45 worth of gas on pump number 3 and then handed her $45 cash. I walked back out to the gas pump and made sure my vehicle was completely off before removing the gasoline cap on my car. I lifted the gasoline nozzle from the gas pump and stuck it into the gas hole on my car. I was now ready to pump gas. I squeezed the gasoline nozzle on the pump handle and held the nozzle firmly as I waited for all the gasoline to be pumped into my car. Once the gasoline pump signaled that I was finished pumping, I slowly took the gas nozzle out of my car and put it back on the nozzle holder located on the gas pump. I screwed the gasoline cap back onto the gas hole on my car before getting back into my car and driving away. I am bored and want to do something. I remember I just bought that new DVD movie last week and still haven't watched it. I decide to watch a movie. I look at my shelf of movies and find the one I want to watch. I open the DVD case and remove the DVD. I walk toward my TV and find my DVD player. I turn my DVD player on and hit the "open" button. The DVD player pops open. I place the DVD into the open slot. I then push the slot closed. I turn on my TV and switch from cable to HDMI. The movie is playing through the opening trailers. I wait 20 minutes until they play through and it brings me to the opening screen. I grab my remote and press the "OK" button while on the "play" option. The movie begins to play. I enjoy it for two and half hours. Its Friday night and I have a date set up with my husband to go to a new restaurant they opened in a nearby town. We have been looking forward to go out all week because my husband has been very busy with work all week and hasn't really had any time to relax. I have been swamped at work also; but I took time out of work early that Friday to get ready. I want to pull out all the stops and look as if  we were going out when we were boyfriend and girlfriend. I arrive home early and pull out the new dress I bought ages ago just for an occasion as tonight. I am in the process of getting ready, when my husband arrives home and is excited as well. He tells me after dinner that he has a surprise for me. So I get more excited and hurry to finish getting ready. He is ready in twenty minutes and is waiting while I take another twenty to get ready. When I walk downstairs he looks at me as if we were still going out and that puts a smile on my face immediately. Tonight is going to be a good night, I thought to myself as he grabs my hand. We make our reservations to the Italiano restaurant  on time and have a wonderful dinner and enjoy our time together. He can't take his eyes off of me and I can't either. Then after dinner, he takes me to his surprise, which is dancing at a small jazz club he recently discovered. We dance the night away, enjoying every moment. Knowing that this date will never end since we already live together and are happily married. Today was laundry day. I gathered up all of my clothes into my basket and headed downstairs with them to the laundry room. Once in the laundry room, I pulled out the clothes one by one and started separated them into different piles. There was one pile for colors, and another for whites. The colors would go into the washer first. I added the clothes and measured out the correct amount of detergent needed for the size of the load, and poured it into the reservoir. I turned the dial to be on Colors and pressed start. When the washer was done after 30 minutes, I moved the washed clothes to the dryer. I added a dryer sheet, checked that the lint trap was empty, and started the dryer on the setting for Automatic dry, low heat. I then placed the whites into the washer, added detergent, and started the washer on the setting for whites. When the dryer was finished, I took out the clothes and brought them upstairs to be folded and put away. I moved the whites into the dryer and set them to dry. When they finished, I also brought them upstairs to fold and put away. I was looking in the mirror yesterday and noticed that my hair was too long , so I decided to get a haircut . I called my regular salon to see if they were busy . Luckily , they were not and I was told to come right in . I drove to the salon and checked in with the receptionist at the front desk . I was told to take a seat and that someone would be with me shortly . I was only seated for a few minutes when the hairdresser said that she was ready for me . She led me over to a chair and I sat down . We discussed what I wanted to do with my hair , a trim , and then she took me to the shampoo area . My hair was washed and conditioned and then I was led back to the hairdresser 's chair . She combed my hair out and then cut off the split ends a few small sections at a time . I saw little wisps of my hair fall onto the floor . When the hairdresser was finished cutting , she took out a blow dryer and dried my hair . I looked in the mirror and I was very pleased with my haircut . I walked back over to the receptionist and paid for the cut . I added about twenty percent as a tip to reward the hairdresser for doing a great job . I left the hair salon and drove home .  I remember the day that my brother got married like it was yesterday. The ceremony was perfect. He and his bride found a quaint little winery nestled in Virginia, right smack dab in the middle of the Shenandoah Valley. I arrived that morning and checked into my hotel with my date. I feel like I was more nervous then my brother! I quickly showered and pulled on my suit, before heading down to the ceremony. I pulled aside my brother and gave him a hug. I told him how proud of him I was, and how happy I was for his bride to become a part of our family. He thanked me and we made our way down. I took my place up front, and as the seats began to fill, I could not have been happier. I saw the smiles on everyone's face. I barely remember anything the pastor said during the ceremony. I just stood their, grin from ear to ear. It was the first and last time I have ever cried tears of joy. Every year we celebrate Arbor Day . Last year we we decided to celebrate the holiday by planing a tree . We went to the local plant nursery . We talked to the employees to find out which trees grow well in our area and in the type of soil we have . We chose a small maple seedling . When we got home , we chose an area of our yard with lots of sun . We dug a hole just a little bigger than the roots of our seedling . We put the seedling in the hole in the ground very carefully , then covered the roots with dirt . We patted the dirt down really good to make sure the little tree seedling would be stable in the ground when it was windy . Then we watered the tree . We 've been watching and watering our tree for a year and slowly but surely our little tree is growing .  Last weekend I was cooking a big breakfast and wanted to make fresh squeezed orange juice. I had a bag of oranges in the fridge so I pulled them out and cut them in half then I realized I couldn't find my juicer. I had my heart set on fresh juice and I decided to blend them. I cut the skins off of the oranges and put the skins down my sink to run them through the garbage disposal. I added all of the fruit to my blender pitcher and slowly started pulsing to see if they would catch the blade. I then pushed the blend button and held the lid. I blended until it looked like everything was liquefied and poured it into cups. The blended orange juice was even better than regular juiced orange juice, it was frothy and whipped and reminded me a little bit of an orange julius. I bought a really beautiful painting for my new flat. I needed to put the painting up on the wall to display it. I  found the perfect spot on the wall that I wanted to put it on. I went to my tool bag and got a hammer, a nail, a piece of chalk, and a leveler. I marked the spot I wanted to put the nail in with the piece of chalk I had. I carefully put the nail on the spot, then took my hammer and hit it a few times. When I checked to make sure it was going in straight, I kept hammering it in. I hammered it in until it was half way in the wall and half way not. I put the hammer down. I picked up the painting and hung the frame on the wall. I then took the level and made sure it was even. When I was sure I had it hung even, I put my tools away. I love cherries . I thought it would nice if I had a cherry tree in my backyard . There was plenty of room in my yard for a large tree , so I decided to plant one . I drove my pickup truck to a nursery near where I live . They had many different types of trees there , all growing in large pots . The trees were very skinny , but I knew once they were out of the pots and planted in the ground , they would grow into large trees . I found some cherry trees and saw how much they would cost . I asked a man who worked at the nursery if he would put the tree in my pickup after I paid for it . I went to the cashier and paid for the tree and the man loaded it into my truck . When I got home , I got a shovel and dug a huge hole where I wanted the tree to grow . I made sure all the big rocks and roots from other trees were not left in the hole . I added some manure so the roots would get all the extra nutrients a growing tree would need . In the middle of the hole I made the soil higher in the shape of an upside down cone . I took the tree out of my truck and removed it from the pot . I stood the tree up in the middle of the hole , with the tree on the top of the cone and the roots spread out around it . This would make sure the tree would not be standing in water and the roots could drink the water easily . I replaced the dirt , making sure the tree was even with the ground around the hole . When the hole was all filled up I stomped all around the tree to make sure the roots of the tree were firmly connected with the soil . When I was sure the tree was firmly in the ground and would not move , I got my garden hose . I turned on the water and slowly watered the tree . After a few hours , I watered it again . When all the water had sunk into the ground , I put a few inches of mulch all around the tree to keep the roots moist and stop weeds from growing . I knew that I would have to water the the tree every week until the roots got established . The tree will get bigger every year , and I 'm looking forward to the day when I 'll be able to pick cherries in my own back yard !  I am on ketogenic diet, so eggs are like life saver. I always buy good quality eggs. Other day I bought some free roaming eggs from market. I want to make scrambled eggs. So first in a bowl I cracked 4 eggs one by one. Then with fork I whipped them for a while when they mixed very well, but did not overdo. I turned on my stove, put the nonstick pan on and  turned stove on medium heat. Meanwhile I got some cheese and salsa out for extra flavor. When the pan was hot enough, I added 2 tablespoon of unsalted  butter( I love butter), and then I did not wait it to be hot, but immediately poured my eggs into pan. The pan was already hot, so I started to bubble and cook. In a minute, I started to stir my eggs, added some cheese and salsa, salt and some pepper. I stirred the eggs till they became fluffy and cooked. When all moisture disappeared, I moved pan from stove, transferred it to plate. I was so excited for my trip to the beach.  I would be there for five days so I wanted to make sure I packed everything I needed.  I decided to take my large suitcase and a smaller travel bag.  I laid out everything I wanted to take before I started putting the items in my bag.  First I put in a pair of pants.  Beside my pants, I put in three pairs of shorts.  I added two casual dresses on top of the pants.  Then I put in three folded t-shirts, two tank tops and a linen blouse.  On top of that layer I added two bathing suits and a cover up.  I put my underclothes on the top layer along with a pair of pajamas.  In the front section of my suitcase I put in two pairs of sandals, a pair of flip flops and a pair of tennis shoes.  That was all that fit into the larger suitcase.  I put my toiletries into the smaller bag - shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste, toothbrush, makeup and deodorant.  I realized I had forgotten beach towels so I got a large tote bag that I could also carry to the beach and put two towels in there along with a bottle of sunscreen.  Now I was all ready for my beach trip! When I woke up in the morning I noticed that my hair was not looking very clean. It was time to have a shower and wash my hair. I turned on the water in the shower and waited for it to heat up. Then I stepped in and started to wet my hair. When my hair was completely wet I reached for the shampoo bottle and squeezed a small amount into my hand. Then I rubbed this shampoo into every part of my hair. I scrubbed and scrubbed allowing the bubbles to get really big. Then it was time to make my hair really clean. I let the water run all the way over my hair and I kept pushing it through until I could feel that my hair was squeaky clean. I turned the water off. My hair was now clean. I found a towel and wrapped it around my head so that my hair could dry. When I had gotten dressed I used the hairdryer to completely dry my hair. Now when I looked in the mirror my hair was shiny and sparkling. It was perfectly clean. "Oh my goodness, look at that!" Mother said as she peeked into my room. I looked around for a monster, but all I saw was lots of mess! "If you clean your room today we can go to the park," she said. When Mother left I started to pick up. Sometimes when your sister leaves dolls around you have to clean them up too. I put the dolls on the bed, and the bears in the net above the shelf. Then I picked up blocks. Blocks take a long time! I put all of them into my toy box. Then I remembered that I had left a puzzle underneath all of that. I put all of the pieces back into the wooden puzzle and stacked it on top of the others on the shelf. All clean! Now I can go to the park. "All teen!" my sister said, grinning. Sammy's phone starting ringing and she answered the call. It was a man named Geoff. And he said that he was offering a service for free if Sammy would just activate her service with her credit card number. Sammy said no thank you, goodbye have a good day. her phone started ringing again and it was Geoff again asking Sammy if shoe would just take two minutes of her time out of her day and speak to him. She said, "Okay, is there anything that you have to offer?" Geoff replied with a simple yes. He continued to speak and Sammy got bored and hung up the phone. she then blocked Geoff's phone number. But little did she know Geoff was at her door right then and he broke  in and said, Give it a try ill give you a thirty day free trial! Sammy yelled the loudest she could and said NO!! At home, I have a 20-gallon fish tank filled with colorful tropical fish. I keep it in the living room on a special table where everyone can admire the fish. It makes me feel peaceful to sit and watch the fish as they drift and swim around. I have taken great care in selecting the fish that go into the tank, to make sure they will all get along. There is an expert at the fish store who gives me instructions on how to make sure the fish are happy and healthy in their environment. Part of the daily regimen is feeding the fish the best food I can get for them. I love to lift the lid of the tank and sprinkle their special food onto the surface of the water. The fish rise to the surface and begin to eat the food. They know it's dinner time, based on my motions and the lifting of the lid. I know just how much food to give them in order to keep the fish happy and satisfied. Every Friday I make a point to clean my room.  Part of cleaning my room involves stripping my bed and changing my sheets.  First I take off all of the bedding from my bed.  Then, I take the sheets and take them to the laundry room.  I put them in the washing machine to get them nice and clean.  After that, I put them on the clothes line to dry them outside.  While the sheets are being cleaned, I take out a clean set and take them to my bedroom.  First, I put the fitted sheet on.  Then, I put on the top sheet.  I make sure to smooth out the sheets before I add the other blankets and finish making the bed.  Once the bed is made, I wait for the sheets to dry on the line and then I go bring them inside.  I fold them up and put them in the linen closet to use for next time. When I last attended a wedding ceremony, I felt excited, but somewhat annoyed that it was hot and I had to wear a suit and jacket. Upon dressing for the morning, I took my time to do my hair and make sure that my suit and tie looked stylish. I then left and went to the wedding. I felt compelled to talk to everyone, including people that I really didn't know. I enjoyed the ceremony with my significant other and gave my gift to the bride and groom. I had a great conversation with everyone and talked about how extravagant the ceremony was. I had a great time and felt that I had great conversation with everyone.  I was extremely excited to see family that I had not seen in forever and was excited that people came from all over to see the bridge and groom. Overall, it was a great experience. Yesterday morning, I woke up a rolled out of bed. After having a long rocky sleep, I knocked all of the covers off of the bed. As a result, I had to make the bed in the morning. In order to do so, I looked for the tag and attempted to put the blanket on the bed the right way. This was an easy job and I felt that I was able to do it quickly. Upon making the bed, I placed all of the pillows onto the bed and placed two on each side of the bed. I felt that I made the bed well and my bed looked much more orderly than it looked prior to making it. I also made sure to clear everything off of the bed before putting the covers on because I didn't want them to cover the items. This was an easy and quick process. My cat Max lets me know when he's hungry. He meows pitifully, like his heart is broken. Then he walks back and forth in front of me as I prepare his food, snapping his tail. That's so I don't forget him, I guess. I always wash his bowl first. Then I dry it, and pour in a scoop of kibble. I put a chunk of canned cat food on top of that, less than a quarter of a flat can. Next, I put the bowl on the floor and stand back. He runs to the bowl and starts eating as fast as he can. He eats all the soft food on the top as fast as lightning. Then he takes his time with the kibble, eating more and more slowly until its gone. When he finally finishes  he slinks away. Then I wipe up the floor, because Max is not a tidy eater. I had a friend drop me off at the terminal so I did not have to park. I went inside to the counter of the airline I was flying with. I handed the agent my passport and asked if I was checking bags, I told them I was checking one bag so they had me run my debit card to pay the baggage fee. The agent printed my boarding pass and handed it to me along with my passport and a sticker with a number to match the sticker they attached to my suitcase. He told me that the flight was boarding at 6:15 so I had more than enough time. I thanked the agent and left my suitcase which they put on a sticker on and put on the conveyor belt behind the counter. I thanked the agent and double checked that I had my boarding pass and passport and proceeded to security. I open up my bills and look at when each one is due for payment.  The bills that are due within the next two weeks are ones I will pay.  I look at each bill and confirm it is the correct amount.  If it is a credit card bill I look at each charge and make sure it is correct.  Then I take out my check book and write a check for each bill.  The front of the check book lets me record my payment with check number, date, whom I am paying, and how much.  On each check I fill in the date and the name of the person I'm paying, then I write out the dollar amount in words and also write it in numbers.  I sign the check and can also write in the account number if needed.  I put each bill and check in a return envelope.  I make sure I have the correct check with each bill.  I seal the envelope and put my return name and address on the front left corner.  I also put a stamp on the front right corner.  Then I post them in the mail. My friend , Tom , had moved into a new house , and decided to plant a small tree to help make his yard look better . He had been advised by a tree expert , that the best time to plant it was in April or May . So about several weeks after Tom had moved into his new home , he went ahead to plant the tree in mid April . He first got and checked some maps to make sure he did n't mistakenly end up digging into any telephone or gas lines . Once he found a suitable spot to plant his new tree , Tom took a shovel and began preparing the hole to place it in . Next , he prepared the tree for planting by turning carefully upside down to remove it from the pot it came in . He then gently , placed the tree into the hole . Tom also filled the hole with some compost and manure to help the tree grow better . Once this was done , he filled up the hole completely and watered the tree . Finally , he placed mulch on top and then stopped to admire the beautiful new tree in his yard .  Just recently, I began to study how to drive a car. After enough time was spent doing this, i asked my dad if he could take me out to drive out on an open road for practice, and he said yes. Once we took the car out to an open, empty road, I tried my best to show him what I'd learned. I showed him that I knew how to shift gears, use the parking brake, and showed that I was able to make both smooth and sharp turns, along with keeping an eye on things like the speed limit, gas tank reserves, and so on. He seemed to be very impressed with how I did, so he allowed me to get my learner's permit so that I could legally learn how to drive on the street with other people, as long as he or my mom was in the car with me. This is just one step closer to getting my license. It was a beautiful summer night, and my sister and I decided to make a bonfire. We went outside to see if we had enough firewood and discovered that we didn't have enough wood for our fire. I decided to go out into the forest to pick up some more wood while my sister used the wood we had to get a fire started. I walked around for ten minutes picking up any stray logs, branches or twigs that I could find. Once I had gathered a decent amount of firewood, I went back to find my sister and see how the fire was coming. She had gotten a pretty good start but the fire definitely needed some more wood. I took the branches I had gathered them and made them into a teepee formation on top of the fire my sister had started. The branches quickly lit and our fire was huge in no time! We enjoyed our night out by the fire and cooked some hot dogs and made s'mores at the end of the night. I need some hot tea to start my day. I find the tea in the cabinet above the hot water kettle and pull out one tea bag. I find my favorite tea mug in the other cabinet and bring it over to the kettle. I remove the teabag from the paper wrapper. While holding the tea bag, I loop the string around the handle and drop the bag in the mug. This keeps the bag from sliding completely into the mug when I Pour the water. I grab the kettle, open the lid and fill it to the limit with filtered water from the tap. I then put the kettle back on its base and turn on. It only takes a little over a minute to boil and the water is the perfect temperature for tea. I begin to slowly pour the water into my mug. The tea takes a few minutes to steep and then it's ready. Yesterday, I paid my bills for the month of May. I have a number of bills that I need to keep track of, including heat, water, and gas. I have to pay three different companies to clear those bills. In order to remind myself of the bill payment deadlines, I have a sticky note on my refrigerator door with all of the upcoming month's deadlines. A few days ago, I noticed that the deadlines for May were coming up, so yesterday I decided to just tackle all of my payments. I got out my checkbook and a ballpoint pen. I wrote one check to the heat company for $120, one check to the water company for $100, and one check to the gas company for $130. I then stuffed each check into a separate envelope, wrote the addresses of the companies onto their respective envelopes, and dropped off the envelopes into the mail pickup box. I had just moved into a new home.  The house had been empty for quite a few years.  As a result, there was a lot of remodeling to do.  One of the first things I decided to do was paint the living room walls.  The walls were currently painted an ugly yellow and the paint was peeling.  I went to the paint store and looked over the paint colors.  I settled on a calming blue.  I figured out how much paint I would need by calculating the area of the room, then I bought enough gallons to cover the job.  I left the store and loaded the paint and supplies I bought into my car.  After getting home, I spread a plastic drop cloth over the floor and got the paint ready.  I took a brush and dipped it in the paint and spread it over the wall.  This was going to look much better! I am more of a cook rather than a baker of pastries and sweets . But with the internet and YouTube anything can be found . I searched YouTube to find a good simple but interesting set of instructions . I decided on a chocolate cake as I am weak when it comes to resisting chocolate . I gathered all of the ingredients and placed them on the counter along with measuring cups and spoons . I could not believe how much sugar goes into the baking of a cake but that 's why it 's not a health food . All the ingredients went into a bowl for me to mix with a 1980 's hand held electric mixer . While the over was preheating I scooped a the mixture into a well greased baking pan . Naturally my finger stole a taste of the raw cake . After placing the bowl in the oven and and waiting the proper time I removed the cake and frosted it after it cooled down . Not too bad for a non baker but I 'll stick to cooking . My stomach woke me up this morning. It was rumbling so loud, at first I thought it was an earthquake! I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen. I knew that I was going to need something that would fill my empty stomach up, so I decided to make an omelette. I opened the fridge and grabbed a carton of eggs and some mixed vegetables I chopped up last night. Then I opened the cabinet to get a bowl to mix my eggs in. I scrambled the eggs up with a fork, and then got a pan to put on the stove to cook the eggs in. After I turned on the stove, I put some a little bit of oil in the pan so the eggs wouldn't stick. I hate when that happens, it always makes cleaning up after really hard! Then I poured the eggs from the bowl into the pan and waited for the eggs to start to firm up. I poked at them with a spatula, pushing parts from the edge of the pan that were kinda firm slowly towards the middle of the pan. The uncooked runny eggs slide over to where the firm eggs were and cook up really quick! When there was no more runny eggs left, I turned off the stove and spread my mixed veggies on one side of the omelette. Then I used my spatula to fold the omelette in half so that the mixed veggies were in between the sides of the omelette, kind of like a sandwich. I put my omelette on a plate and took it over to my table to sit down and eat. My stomach roared like a lion when I looked down at the omelette. I think it took me less than a minute to eat the whole thing! Last summer a friend of mine was moving across the country.  He had a lot of things and did not know how he would get his car to his new home.  I offered to drive it there for him if he would fly me back.  My friend agreed.  I started driving early in the morning.  I had to go to a gas station to fill up and to wipe off the windows.  I merged onto a freeway and saw that there was hardly any traffic.  I set the cruise control and turned the music up.  I wasn't paying too much attention to the speed that I was going, and I passed a cop on the side of the road.  The cop got behind me and turned on his lights.  I pulled over.  He came to my car to explain that I had been speeding.  I apologized, and the cop decided to let me go with a warning. My parents are visiting me next weekend, and I want to surprise them with a dinner reservation at a nice restaurant. I know we all like Japanese food, so I check Yelp for nearby Japanese restaurants with high ratings and reasonable prices. Once I find one that looks good, I check the menu to make sure there are options we would all like. Yum, the menu looks great. There are vegetarian options available for me, chicken options for my dad, and fish for my mother. I call the restaurant, requesting a reservation for Saturday at 6pm for three for dinner. The restaurant luckily enough does have a table available for the time I requested. The reservation will be under my last name. My parents and I are all set for dinner Saturday: I'm looking forward to eating Japanese food and talking to them! I think my parents will like their surprise. I really enjoy all sports and I find that playing tennis is an excellent way to stay in shape.  I just moved to a new neighborhood and there are some public tennis courts in the park across from my apartment.  I decided to take some tennis lessons during the winter to make sure that I would be ready to play when spring came.  I really enjoyed the lessons and I actually became a pretty good player.  I decided to join a recreational tennis league in my neighborhood.  I joined a women's singles league and I have had a really good time playing tennis once or twice a week.  It's very convenient to meet right at the neighborhood courts and play tennis for an hour in the evenings.  I even decide dot treat myself to a brand new tennis racket.  Tennis is a sport that I hope to continue playing as I get older. First we travel to the tennis court. Next we change into our sports clothes, and put on our tennis shoes. Then we grab our equipment and some balls from the supply. We begin to play the match. Tennis involves hitting a ball with something called a "tennis racket". This racket allows you to swing and hit a ball over a net. The goal is to avoid hitting the net, and hit the ball so that it is difficult for your opponent to hit the ball back to you. However, if your opponent hits the ball, he must also make sure the ball doesn't touch the net. Both of you may hit the ball off the ground, reflecting it into the air yet you must avoid the net. If your opponent hits the next or makes the ball go out of bounds, then you score a point. The objective is to make your opponent hit the net as many times as you can. Yesterday Steve and I went out to dinner at a newly opened Mexican restaurant. We'd both heard they had good Al Pastor, so he ordered the Al Pastor burrito and I ordered an Al Pastor quesadilla. After waiting quite long, nearly 30 minutes, we finally received our food. It's true that the Al Pastor was tasty but it was also spicy! Insanely spicy! It as so spicy that neither Steve or I could actually eat it. After a few bites we were gulping down water and calling the waiter to come back over. I apologized and asked if we could switch the dish for something with a similar price. Steve added that the dish was so hot, it should come with a warning. Our server apologized and agreed to bring us the same dishes, but with shredded steak instead of the Al Pastor. The new dishes came out more quickly than the first two and were much more edible. Steve and Jeff moved into a new house on Main street. the moving truck brought in the package of wood flooring. Steve and Jeff weren't sure how to lay it down so they made sure that they had enough money left in the budget to get a company to lay down the flooring in their kitchen for them. and they did so they scheduled an appointment for Wednesday.  Wednesday came upon them quickly and there was a knock at Steve and Jeff's door Steve answered the door. It was a man from the company her to lay down the flooring in the kitchen. Steve let him in and the man started to work he began by cutting open the package of wood flooring with a knife. he then layer it all out and started to glue it to the floor and then he put on a special kind of gloss to finish it up. Steve and Jeff thanked the worker man, and gave him the payment he required and then he left. Steve and Jeff sat and enjoyed their new wooden floor that day they finished moving into their new house on Main street. Yesterday I boiled milk for my mom. Whenever she goes to work she asks me to do tasks for her so that when she comes home she doesn't have to do it. Yesterday she wanted me to walk across the street to the store and buy some milk. I did, and after that I walked back home and closed the door. My mom left me instructions how to boil the milk for her. I got a big pan and put it on the oven. I turned on the oven and made the pan hot by turning the dial to high. Once the pot was hot enough I poured the milk inside, I poured around half of it. After a while the milk started to get hot, which I could see because it would move and I saw steam. When bubbles started appearing in the milk, I knew it was boiled and done. This morning I decided to clean our bathroom shower in our house.  I knew it should only take about fifteen minutes so I got started right away.  I gathered together a cleaning sponge, a shower cleaning spray, a rinse cup, and a towel to dry my hands.  First, I removed everything I could from the shower such as shampoo bottles, soap, and razors.  Next I sprayed the shower with a shower cleaner.  I allowed this to stay on the walls about five minutes.  Then I took a wet sponge and began rubbing the tub and shower walls with a circular motion.  Soon it all looked sparkly so I took my rinse cup and filled it with water.  I used this to wash off all the soap from the walls.  I checked to make sure I didn't miss any spots.  I placed the shampoo, soap, and razors back into their spots.  I dried my hands, and I was done. I woke up this morning and when I turned on the bathroom light switch I noticed that one of the bulbs popped and burned out. I checked the closet where I normally keep light bulbs and could not find any. I removed the bulb to see what size I needed and made myself a note on a post it. On my way to work I stopped at the grocery store and bought a pack of replacement bulbs. When I got home from work I opened the new package of bulbs and carefully screwed the new bulb in. It immediately lit up when the contacts connected. Figuring that the other three bulbs were the same age and would probably blow out soon I decided to change the rest of them. I carefully removed and replaced each bulb. I put the bad bulbs into the package and put them in the trash. I love getting a shower because it is quick and easy.  You may be tired, and you can still rinse off quickly, and  be clean before you go to bed.  The first thing I do is get my pajamas ready, and my towel and wash cloth. I then bring those into the bathroom, and undress. I start the shower, and make sure that the water is not too hot or cold.  When I like the temperature of the water, I get in and use the soap to lather up with the wash cloth.  I then wash my hair and rinse it.  I put in some conditioner for my hair and let it sit for a few minutes, as I finish scrubbing my body down.  Then I rinse the conditioner and my body for the last time, an turn the water off.  When I get out, I dry my body with my towel, put on my pajamas, and go to bed. The last time that I made a flight reservation, I planned everything well in advance. I spoke with my dad and sister and my dad told me that in order to not get ripped off, you have to constantly check the prices of airfare and keep checking often. He said that prices tend to be cheaper on certain days of the week and you should clear your search history to avoid the airlines keeping the prices high. I made the reservation after reviewing the prices and received a good deal. This took a lot of work and required me looking around at different airlines for the perfect fight. While this process was somewhat long and difficult, I felt great that I was able to get a good deal and save a lot of money. Unfortunately, I also had to pick seats and pay more and also pay more for bags. I went to the store and gathered purchased everything needed to make dinner for tonight. I got home then went straight to the kitchen to start cooking. I first started boiling the water so I could cook the pasta. At the same time my water was boiling, I browned the hamburger meat. I add the noodles to the boiling water and wait for them to cook. After the hamburger was cooked all the way through I added some extra spices. I added in a half of a can of pizza sauce, a half of a can of spaghetti sauce and a handful of pepperonis to my hamburger meat and heat that all up. Now that both components of my dinner are completed I drain the noodles and add the meat sauce to the pan of cooked noodles. I heat all of it up to make sure it is nice and hot then add a little bit of Parmesan and mozzarella cheese. I dish out a scoop into a bowl and enjoy. I wanted to make some tea. First, I checked the shelves with colorful boxes of tea bags to decide what kind of tea I wanted. There were mostly orange boxes containing orange pekoe tea. Boxes bordered with green contained green tea. The boxes with an earth toned nature picture on them contained herbal tea. I took an herbal tea box off the shelf, opened the box and took out a tea bag. Then I went to the cupboard and took out a yellow microwavable mug. I filled the mug with water and put the tea bag in it. I put the mug in the microwave oven on high for two minutes. I then put the mug on a saucer and let it sit for ten or fifteen minutes until the tea got darker. It took awhile for the tea to finish brewing, as it is not necessary to heat it for the whole time, since it it is still very hot when it comes out of the microwave. Then I drank the herbal tea. My parents said it was okay to start dating as long as it was a double date with my older sister who would, in essence chaperon me.  I was embarrassed by this  set up, but it was better than not dating at all.   My sister said we would go see a movie at the local cinema on Saturday at 6PM.  Our parents wanted me home by 11 PM.  On Saturday I was so excited and started getting ready very early.  My sister told me to calm down that i was getting ready way too soon.  So I took off my clothes and put on something different.  Finally the time came to get ready and I was excited again.  We left the house at 4:30 and picked up my friend.  He was so handsome! By 5:00 we were at the ice cream shop where we met up with her boyfriend and had ice cream.  Then we went to the movies. My sisters boyfriend purchased popcorn and sodas for all of us.  We munched, drank and watched the movie.  Once it was over we went to the mall and ate at the food court and went and played video games at the arcade. Around 10 PM we were ready to leave.  My sister kissed her boyfriend goodbye and me and my friend piled back into my sisters car.  She dropped him off at his house about 10:15 and he gave me a peck on the cheek.  My sister raised her eyebrow but didn't say anything.  Around 10:30 we showed up to our house where my mom wanted to know everything that went on.  I was in 7th heaven and told her the entirety of the story.  Except maybe the kiss. I found a beautiful little tree at the local nursery and brought it home to plant in my garden . I had already picked the spot it was to go , a place in the middle of my yard where it could get full sun . After gathering the shovel and watering hose , and putting on my gardening gloves , I set to work on digging the hole . I had to make sure the hole was deep enough to fit its roots comfortably . I dampened the soil in the hole with a little water . Once the hole was ready , I laid the tree on its side and gently removed the pot from it . I placed the sapling into the hole and looked to see that the base of its trunk would be level with the ground , then began scraping the soil back into the hole , over the roots . I tamped the soil down , so as to prevent any air pockets , and watered it once more . I think this little tree will make a wonderful addition to my yard !  One day, I went out to sea. It was a stormy day, and it was cold. It was blowing, the wind, too. I rocked and rocked on the boat until I vomited everywhere. Then we caught a big salmon. This fish was huge, I mean, really big. It was so big, the boat tipped over when we brought it on board. We had to swim around the boat and tip it back over. One of the crew didn't make it back! But the salmon we caught did. We took this beautiful salmon back to the shore and cooked it. Then we all partook in eating the salmon fish. It was a delight, with butter and garlic, and salt too. It was flaky and moist and very tasty. It was enjoyed by all of the party who then began to digest the salmon. The salmon even digested very well and all were pleased. I found the large soup pot, made sure it was clean, and set it on the stove top.  I chose the ingredients I wanted to use in the soup and set them on the table.  Then I started the spice base for the soup by cutting up an onion in thin slices, and crushing a few cloves of garlic.  I put about a tablespoon of butter in the pan and turned on the heat to melt it, then added the onions and garlic to saute.  While they cooked, I cut up the vegetables.  I cut carrots into thick slices, and potatoes into one inch cubes, leaving the skin on for extra vitamins. Fresh green beans were trimmed and cut into one inch lengths. Then I put the vegetables in the soup pan and stirred them before adding six cups or so of water and heating it to a boil. Turning it down to simmer, I let it cook until the vegetables were soft enough to eat. The last time I took a shower, I followed the same routine that I always do. I gathered my clothes and towel and took it all to the bathroom. I then went into the bathroom and undressed, before turning on the shower water. Upon turning on the water, I went in and started to lather soap down my body. I always make sure to get every part of my body clean and then I take the shampoo and wash my hair. I usually stand there after and enjoy a few minutes of just letting the water hit me. After washing my hair, I usually get out and get a towel and start to dry myself. The whole process usually takes about fifteen minutes, but it is an enjoyable experience. Sometimes I listen to music when I am in the shower, but I usually just enjoy my warm shower without music. A friend died and I am going to go to his funeral. The day before the funeral I pick out the clothes that I will wear to the funeral. I will make sure the clothes are clean. If not I take the clothes to the dry cleaners to have the cleaned. Then pick them up later that day. On the day of the funeral I put the clothes that I picked out. I drive to the funeral home and try to get there early in case there are a lot of people. If I get there early then I can get a good seat. During the funeral I listen to people talk. Usually at a funeral someone talks about the good things the dead person did. After this part of the funeral I go to the cemetery where the dead person will be buried. Sometimes after that many people get together and eat some food and visit. It was a chilly winter night and my boyfriend and I decided that we wanted to make soup. I thought that making a loaded baked potato soup would be good for a cold night. I went to the refrigerator to look for the ingredients we would need. I pulled out some potatoes I had already boiled, carrots, heavy cream, milk, sour cream, chives, bacon bits, butter, and flour. I began by making a roux in the pan by mixing the butter and the flour together. Once my roux was done, I added the heavy cream and milk to the pan. I let the heavy cream and milk mixture come to a simmer and then I added sour cream and cheddar cheese. After that, I added my boiled potatoes and the chopped up vegetables. Once the soup was thickened, I topped it with bacon bits and chives. I poured a bowl of soup for both me and my boyfriend and topped them with sour cream. We ate our soup and enjoyed what we made. I just bought a new house so I need to decorate it with art. I have lots of paintings but I just bought a new one that I know will great above the fireplace.  I have a ladder that is just the right height so I climb it with my measuring tape in hand. I measure to the center of the wall and mark the spot with a pencil. Then I get my girlfriends screw gun and put a screw in the wall. Now it's time to get the painting and hang it on the screw. I take a step back and see if I like it. It's also important to see if my girlfriend likes it. When she gets home from work we both stare at the painting and make sure it's even on the wall and that we like where it is placed. We are both satisfied with the painting. Laying on my side, in bed staring out the window...it must only be 6 a.m. I hear a thud, the same thud I hear every day around this time, with the exception of Sundays. The paper is here. I slowly swing my legs around out of the bed and stand up, reaching to the adjacent chair I grab my robe and put it on. It is soft and red like a micro plush blanket. I shuffle stiffly down the stairs and to the door, turn both locks...this sound prompts my great dane to come running down the stairs thinking there is an intruder... Like we don't go through the same routine nearly every day. I open the door a crack to lean out and grab the paper. Shutting the door I turn around and head towards the kitchen where my great dane patiently waits by his food dish. So I stand there on the side of the street, made an eye contact with the cab driver, and raised my hand and waved at him. He gave me a quick flash of his headlights to signal that he saw me, He made his way to the side of the street. So I opened the door and got inside. I said to the driver, "let's go to the main street, Sooner the better." The driver turned on his signal to merge into the traffic. It's weird how some people yield to merging traffic, while others ignore them. I think it must be a personality thing, but it's always safer to yield. No need to drive aggressively. The driver drives at a casually fast pace, weaving in and out of lanes as needed. We got to the main street in about 10 minutes. Guess it's time to pay the man. "Thanks, driver, for getting here right quick," I said. I opened the door and got out. This morning, I needed to run some errands. I picked up my car key, put it in my bag, grabbed some things I needed to drop off, and walked to the parking lot. I pressed the button on the car key fob, and the taillights blinked twice to tell me my car was unlocked. I opened the door, set some packages in the backseat, and sat down in the driver's seat. It was hot in the car. I turned on the ignition, rolled down the windows, and turned on the air conditioner. It started to feel better after a minute. I placed my foot on the brake, put the car in reverse, and backed out of my parking space. Then I shifted the car to drive, put my foot on the gas, and pulled into the street. There was a lot of traffic on the road, so I turned on some loud music to entertain myself in the meantime. I waited at the red light for a long time. Then it finally turned green, and I was on my way. We got up early in the morning to drive to the mountains.  We reached the camp ground at around 3 pm.  The first thing we did was find a place to set up our tent.  We found a place which close to the lake.  The spot that we picked had a couple of large trees and a place where we could build a camp fire.  We set up our tent and put our sleeping bags inside.  Next, we went for a walk to gather wood for the camp fire.  We also found some rocks so that we could build a camp fire circle.  After we were finished setting up our camp, we got our fishing polls and went down to the lake.  We caught a couple of fish for dinner.  We put the fish in the cooler and then went swimming for a bit.  After swimming, we cleaned the fish and went back to the camp sight.  We cooked the fish over the camp fire.  Next, we roasted marshmallows.  We sat around the camp fire and talked.  We went to bed around 10:30 pm. My wife and I love to eat eggs, but she likes to eat them fried.  For me, I like to eat them scrambled.  So yesterday, I decided to make some scrambled eggs for breakfast.  I got out a carton of eggs and a carton of milk.  When I make scrambled eggs, I also like to put salt and pepper in it.  I got a mixing bowl and put in about five eggs and a cup of milk.  I put a couple shakes of salt and pepper in it, too.  I got a fork out and mixed the ingredients together in the bowl.  When they were all mixed together, I got out a pan and put it on a stove burner.  I turned it on and put the mixture onto the pan and cooked it on a low setting.  When they were done, I pulled them out of the pan with a spoon and onto a plate to eat. The weather in Louisiana has been brutally hot these past few days so when I found out I was off work today I immediately made plans to go swimming in my neighborhood's community pool. I first made sure my swimming trunks were clean and ready to wear along with making sure I had all my other belongings I like to take out to the pool in one place before I walked over to the pool from my house. I always like to take some sunscreen, an ice chest filled with cold beverages, and a spare towel. I gathered all my things and locked my house up before walking a few blocks to get to the pool. Once I got to the swimming pool I found a nice sunbathing chair to neatly place my personal belongings under and took off my shirt to apply sunscreen on my body. After putting the sunscreen on I was ready to relax and enjoy my day by the pool. Today, I'm going on an airplane trip, so last night I packed my suitcase. I thought carefully about everything I would need on my trip. How many changes of clothing would I need? Would I need to bring things like toothpaste, and my toothbrush? I looked through my closet and picked the clothing that I decided to bring with me. I brought my shirts, my pants, my underwear, and my socks. I brought enough for a week's worth of clothes, which is how long I'm going to be staying somewhere else. Then, I went into the bathroom and got my toothbrush and a tube of my toothpaste, so I wouldn't have to get new ones where I'm going. Finally, I decided to pack a few books with me, in case I needed something to do while I was at my hotel. Then, I closed up my suitcase, and was ready to go on my trip. I had decided that I wanted to visit my friend Paul whom lives quite a distance away . With this and my fear of air travel in mind I decided to take a train . After researching and finding one online I was well on my way to going to see my friend Paul . I drive to the station and decide that I am going to purchase a round trip ticket as this would be cheaper than just buying both tickets separately . I purchase my ticket and then go to sit down and wait for my train . Whenever my train arrives I have to get in line as they process our tickets . After all this is done I decide to take a seat by the window . I sit and fall asleep a bit as I ride on the train for hours . After a couple hours we finally reach the destination and I get off the train , excited to see my friend .  I was out to dinner with my boyfriend and we were both very excited because it was our anniversary. We went out to a nice restaurant that both of us had wanted to go to for a long time. We ordered appetizers at first, a cheese plate and some sauted eggplant. The appetizers were amazing so we were both so excited to see how our entrees would be. I ordered a rack of lamb and my boyfriend ordered the steak. However, as soon as our server brought the food, I could see that something was wrong. Instead of a rack of lamb, our server had brought me a whole entire fish on a plate! As soon as our server set the plate down in front of me, I politely informed him that I had ordered the lamb and that I did not want to eat the fish. He apologized profusely and quickly brought the fish back to the kitchen. In just a minute, he came back with a beautiful rack of lamb which was delicious. Jerry's mom is going on a trip this weekend, so she has to pack a suitcase. She asks Jerry to help her.  Jerry has never done this before, so he sits down on the bed near his mom and asks her what to do.  She says,  "Wait here while I pick out my clothes I will bring." She jumps up and reaches for the dresser.  She opens up the drawers and picks some nice clothes to wear on her trip.  She will also need things like shoes, and toothpaste, shampoo and soap.  So, she has a separate bag for those things, and once it is filled up she puts the clothes in her big bag with Jerry's help.She puts her smaller bag with her soap and toothpaste, into the big bag last. She makes everything really neat and tidy in the bag, and then closes the bag up with the zipper. She puts the bag near the door so that she knows where it is when it is time to go. It is Sunday. I am woken up rather violently by my elder brother, he enjoys this sort of thing, I don't. I asked him why he woke me up this early on a school holiday. He didn't answer and  just gave me a grin.  I tend to sleep till late on the days I don't have school. He said dad told him to and he had work for me. I immediately knew what it meant. I had to go and help him tend the gardens. I was still half- asleep when I reached our garden. And there I saw my dad with a shovel in his one hand and a little plant on the other. As soon as he saw me his eye gleamed. I kid you not his eyes literally gave me a sparkle. He came over to the door and handed me the shovel and the plant. He said since I was 11 I'm a big boy and have to help him and mom around the house and that of course includes gardening. My dad doesn't mind the dirt , but I do. Now I had to spend the whole afternoon helping him around. It sucks. Last night, I had a party at my house. Many people were there and most of my friends hung out in both the kitchen and the living room. The living room was fine, but the kitchen was a disaster. I felt the need to clean the floor and in an effort to do so, I took out a mop and mopped up the floor. This took some of the stickiness away and made it feel much better. I sprayed cleaner on the floor before cleaning it and also did some sweeping. This felt good and I was able to clean the floor. After sweeping and mopping the floor, I let it sit for a while so  that I didn't slip on it. It looked shiny and I felt like my house was much cleaner than when my friends came over. Next time, I will follow the same routine when cleaning. Today I had to iron laundry. Ironing is a way to get wrinkle out of clothes. First I set up the ironing board which is a flat surface to put the clothes on while ironing. I put some water into the iron that turns into steam. Steam helps to take wrinkles out of clothes. Once the ironing board is set up I turn on the iron and give it time to heat up, about 2 minutes. Once heated up I put the pants on the ironing board. I start with the top part of the pants first and move or turn the pants after I iron each side. The I iron the leg part of the pants. I line up the leg part of the pants on the ironing board the way I want so that the crease will be the same. Once done I put everything away. The end. This morning while preparing breakfast I noticed that the kitchen garbage can was nearly full. After discarding any breakfast waste and checking the room for any extra trash I opened the kitchen garbage can and pulled the full bag from the plastic container. I still had enough room at the top to twist the bag and secure it using a twist tie. I looked into the plastic bin and made sure I hadn't missed any stray items. The bottom of the bag hadn't broken or leaked, that was good news! Now that my trash bag was secure and not going to make a mess on the floor, I walked outside and set the full trash bag out for the garbage collector. I walked back into my home and into the kitchen. First I cleaned the trash container with a paper towel and replaced the garbage bag with a new one. It was my first time in London so my anxiety was pretty high, but I still managed to approach the ticket seller who was actually very nice. The lady sold me a ticket and then directed me through the gate with the turn style entry. I walked down several flights of stairs that had a central corner landing. A man sat cross legged playing guitar, he seemed very happy with his life, I dropped a pound coin into his upside down hat in front of him, he smiled and I smiled back. I continued down the stairs to king's cross and awaited the train I would be boarding. After about 17 mins the train was heard approaching. The train screeched to a halt at the platform on the southbound side where I was. Once all of the patrons exited the train I boarded and sat next to a bald woman with a pet iguana on her shoulders. The subway smelled of urine and B.O. but it was cheap and I liked people watching, especially in a foreign city at thirteen years old. Last Saturday, my friend and I went to the movie theater together. We had been meaning to go to the movie theater for a long time, since have both been anticipating the release of the smash hit "La La Land" for months. La La Land is now finally in theaters, and my friend and I decided that the weekend would be the perfect time to see it. We went to the theater about 30 minutes before the movie started in order to purchase our tickets. We both got adult tickets for the movie. We then waited in line at the concessions stand, because we wanted to buy sodas, popcorn, and candy. My friend bought a Coke and a large popcorn, as well as a bag of Skittles. I bought a Pepsi, a medium popcorn, and a box of Mike & Ikes. After we got our concessions, we went to the movie auditorium. The movie was just about to start as we got to our seats. For the next two hours, we paid close attention to the movie and enjoyed our snacks. After the movie ended and the credits began to roll, we exited the auditorium and the theater. The school dance was coming up and I really needed to find a dress and shoes.  I had looked in many stores but still could not find the one that I wanted.  So I decided to try and find one online.  I grabbed my computer and began looking on the Internet for the perfect dress.  I went on a site and typed in "pink dress", because that is the one I wanted.  I looked through many postings but still did not find one I liked.  So I went to a different site and did the same thing.  I finally found a dress that I liked. So, I signed in and payed for the dress. It said it would arrive at my home in a couple of days.  Next, I needed to find some shoes.  So I searched up "silver shoes" and found one that I loved.  I finally found something that I liked and now I could go to the dance. A few days ago, my son's room was very messy. There were toys all over the floor, so I decided to have him clean it all up. We started by picking up all of the toys off of the floor and putting them in his toy box. There were several puzzles and games that were open on the floor and scattered throughout the room. We put these back together and and put them away in the game closet. He picked up his books and put them back on the bookshelf. I helped him put his crayons back in their box and put away his other art supplies that were on his desk. We both made his bed together. He put all of his dirty laundry away in the hamper or folded up the clothes that were clean and put them in the dresser. Once the floor was cleared, I vacuumed the carpet. He also helped by dusting all of his shelves. I don't normally receive phone calls on my house phone, I only have one because it came with my home internet package. Today, the phone rang. I didn't hear it at first as I was doing dishes, because I keep the cordless phone in my bedroom on my nightstand. I finally heard it after the third or fourth ring I'd say, and ran into my room to answer it. I wasn't surprised to hear the voice on the other end was a female telemarketer. She was asking me if I wanted to sign up for a credit card. I politely declined, and asked her to please take my name off of her calling list. She agreed to do so, but told me it can take up to 30 days to stop receiving the calls. I told her thank you and hung up the phone. I returned the phone to the charging dock and walked back into the kitchen to finish washing the dishes. My baby was hungry at around noon, as she is every day. Before eating my lunch, I fed my infant. I first got out the formula from the fridge and poured the normal amount into her bottle. I put the bottle in a pot of gently simmering water on the stove, to warm up the formula. I tested the formula on my skin to make sure it was the right temperature, and took the bottle out of the water when the formula was ready. I held my baby as I fed her the bottle, making sure she was comfortable and could drink well. After she had drunk all the formula, I put the bottle in the sink to clean later and then burped my infant. I held her against my shoulder, over a towel I had put over my shirt, and rubbed her back gently until she burped. After she was done, I put her down, cleaned the bottle, and then had my own lunch. Last Saturday, a friend who was visiting my house commented that it looked like I hadn't tended to my lawn in a while. I realized she was right-- the weeds were growing pretty tall, and I hadn't cut the grass in weeks. I decided it was time to mow the lawn the next day. I went to the garage to find my lawnmower. I rolled the lawnmower over to the lawn, and then turned the lawnmower on. It started roaring, signaling that it was on and ready to cut grass. I mowed the grass in neat rows, starting on one side of my lawn and mowing all the way to the other side. I made sure not to miss any patches by going back and forth with the mowing machine. After I inspected my work, I decided I was happy with it. The grass looked much neater. I turned off the lawnmower and returned it to the garage. It was Friday, finally the precious weekend after a grueling long week of work  had arrived. I knew it would be a waste of precious time to go home and change so I brought a change of clothes with me to the office. I freshened up and changed in the office bathroom. I am so lucky they have a actual shower in here. So me and my friends had already decided which pub we'd hit this week, it was "The Hive". It was named so because it was always "buzzing" with people . Stupid or clever? I don't know. So the four of us , Clay , Justin , Tony and myself had to reach the pub by 8:00. I pulled up my phone to book a cab. First I opened "ola" the app took a lot of time to load probably because the internet speed was slow. After a minute the app finally opened and show no cabs around. Then I opened "Uber" it loaded almost instantly and there were cabs available near me but due to high demand it had surge pricing(more than usual rate). I had no option but to take the Uber at a high price, since we rarely get time to hangout. One morning Jeff was late for work because his alarm clock didn't wake him up. "It must be out if batteries." Jeff said, "ill go to the store after work and pick up some batteries." Jeff rushed to his job where he was an engineer and he worked with machines. His boss was very upset that Jeff did not show up for work on time that day. so Jeff was told to return to his post and get to work or he will be fired. When Jeff got home from work, he went to the store to pick up some alarm clock batteries. The lady at the store said that they didn't sell batteries and that Jeff should try another store that was close to them. He got back in his car and drove to the other store. He got the batteries and went home. Jeff walked into his room and opened up the alarm clock, he took the old batteries out and replaced them with the new ones. Lastly he closed up the alarm clock and set it for the correct time that he had to wake up for work the next morning. When I'm getting ready to visit my doctor, I make sure that I have gathered up any medications or vitamins I have taken that are in addition to my prescribed medications. I also have notes about any other doctors' visits I've had since I last saw my doctor. I make a list of questions about my health that I want to ask. When I get to the doctor's office, I check in at the reception desk so that the staff knows I've arrived for my appointment. I fill out any paperwork they need and then wait my turn in the waiting room. When the nurse or doctor calls me, I go into my designated treatment room. While I'm waiting to see the doctor, the nurse may weigh me, take my temperature and blood pressure, and ask some general questions about my health. When the doctor comes in, he or she asks me how I am and why I scheduled an appointment. If I need to undress, the doctor leaves the room while I do. During the examination, the doctor may check my vision, hearing, reflexes, breathing rate and heart rate. Depending on the reason for my visit, the doctor may perform other, more specific procedures to diagnose and treat diseases, injuries and other conditions. The diagnosis and treatment are noted in my chart. He or she may also prescribe medication and other treatments. At the end of the visit, I redress. The doctor or a nurse may give my final instructions, and then walk me and my chart back to the reception desk, where I can schedule another appointment if I need to and pay for my visit. Once I finish at the reception desk, my visit to the doctor is over. Omelettes make a great breakfast, and I enjoy making them because they are very easy to cook. First, I get the eggs out and begin cracking them on the side of the bowl and dumping them into the bowl. I normally use two eggs whites and one whole egg to cut the calories. I begin beating the eggs with a fork or a whisk. I add some salt and pepper to the mix for flavor. I pour the mixture into the hot frying pan. I make sure that I add some vegetable oil to the pan before I add the eggs though because I don't want them to stick. I let the pan sit for a bit so the egg mixture heats up a bit on one side. As this occurs, I add some cheese or vegetable to the center of the egg mixture. Really, almost any type of cheese or vegetable makes a good omelette. I then flip one side of the omelette over on to itself to seal in the contents in the middle. I then flip the omelette over several more times to lightly brown it on both sides. It is then ready to serve! Last week, I decided that it was time to start mowing the lawn for the season. I got the mower out of the garage and put it out back. It was heavy to lift over the weather so I needed help from my dad to lift it. Although this was difficult, I was able to lift it and bring it to the yard. Once I got to the yard, I started to turn it on and mow the lawn. I went up and down each row of grass slowly. I noticed everything getting cut and I continued to mow the lawn. Upon finishing, I took the lawn mower back inside and lifted it back over the washer and dryer and into the garage. Overall, I felt that this process was smooth and easy, but yet still time consuming. The whole process took almost an hour for a small yard then. My family and I decided to host a barbecue for our neighborhood. It was the Summer time, the perfect weather for a barbecue. We invited most of our neighbors and most of them graciously accepted. Some of them declined as they were busy during the planned time of the barbecue. We decided to make the food of choice burgers and hot dogs. Most of the people at he barbecue were pleased with the food choice. My kids were fairly entertained as a lot of people in my neighborhood have kids as well, so they had plenty of friends to play with at the party. We also told everyone to bring swimming gear as well as we had just recently opened up our pool. I'm sure the most of the kids enjoyed that. Everyone said that the food tasted amazing and that really pleased me. Everyone had an enjoyable time as the barbecue went on into the night. Earlier today I decided that I would like to have a hot dog for lunch. The first thing I did was check the kitchen to make sure that I had hot dogs, buns, ketchup, and chips. When I was ready to cook lunch, I took my indoor grill out from the cabinet, plugged it in, and waited for it to heat up. While I waited for the grill to heat up, I set my plate with a bun, a handful of chips, and 2 pickles. Once the grill was ready I placed the hot dog on the grill and closed the lid. When the hot dog was halfway done cooking, I opened the lid and turned the hot dog around, so all sides would be equally browned. After the hot dog had finished cooking, I removed it from the grill and put it on my bun. Before eating my hot dog, I unplugged my grill, and wiped it down with a wet cloth. After I finished that, I was ready to eat my hot dog. I squeezed a small amount of ketchup on top of my hot dog and took my plate to the porch to eat. I enjoyed eating my hot dog, chips, and pickles. W I was finished eating, I brought my empty plate inside and rinsed it off. The bathroom needs to be cleaned today. I am going to need some supplies to clean the bathroom properly. These supplies include a broom and a mop to clean the floor. I will also need a scrubber to clean the sink and the bathtub. The last thing I will need is a special soap also called a cleaning product. Cleaning the bathroom can be a really dirty job. First I'll put on some big rubber cleaning gloves. These special rubber gloves will keep my hands from getting dirty. First I will clean the sink out with water and soap. Next I will scrub all of the dirt away with the scrubber, water, and the soap. Then I will use a special toilet bowl brush to clean the toilet. Next I will sweep the floor with the broom. Lastly I will mop the floor. Now the bathroom is sparkling clean again. I had to go on a business trip to California last week and I needed to fly there.  I took a cab to the airport with my carry on and suitcase.  Once there, I went to my airlines check in desk and waited on line to check my suitcase.  There were lots of different people on the line, from business men and women like me, to families, even a high school band.  When I finally reached the desk, a representative for the airline was there to help me.  She was very cheerful and helpful, and I was able to put my suitcase up on the conveyor belt and watch it join other suitcases on their way to the airplanes.  I was even able to switch my seats because there were available seats still left on the plane.  Once I was all confirmed, she printed out my boarding pass and I was able to continue on to security and then onto my plane. Today my carpet in the living room was looking a little dirty, so I decided to vacuum it. I went to my closet where I store all of my cleaning supplies, and took out my vacuum. I wheeled it to my living room and unwrapped the electrical cord that was attached to the vacuum. I plugged in the cord into a wall socket. I then turned on a switch on the side of the vacuum and the vacuum turned on, making a loud noise! Using my arms, I moved the vacuum back and forth across the dirty carpet. I made sure to clean every single area on my carpet. Once I was satisfied with how clean my carpet was, I turned off my vacuum. I unplugged the cord and wrapped it back around my vacuum. I wheeled it back to my cleaning closet and put it away in it's rightful place. I wanted to send invitations to 25 people I hoped would come to a birthday party for my boyfriend. I drove to a store that sells different types of cards, including packages of invitations. There, I found some festive-looking cards that would be ideal for this purpose. I chose three packages holding 10 invitations each. I paid for them at a cashier's counter. After driving home, I filled out each invitation in ink with the necessary information and signed my name. Then I wrote out the envelopes by hand with each person's name and address. I had to use my address book to find the information or else I needed to look it up online if I didn't have the details. When this task was complete, I placed a postage stamp in the upper-right corner of each envelope, then licked the adhesive on each envelope before pressing the flap down to seal it. The final step was to bring all the envelopes to the post office the next day and place them in the box for outgoing mail. Yesterday morning, I was walking and I tripped on some toys.  My daughter had left them out and so I got her and we started to clean them.  We picked up the tambourine and put them in a box that we normally keep it in.  I grabbed her xylophone and put it up in a closet where it belongs.  We got a box where we keep her LEGO's and put all of the little pieces in there.  After all the pieces were picked up, we needed to put the containers away.  One of the boxes was put on the shelf.  Another box was put underneath my daughter's bed.  After we had put all of the toys away, we needed to make sure they were all picked up.  We looked around the room and couldn't find anything else that needed to go back into a container where it can be put away. I was invited to so many friends and now it is my time to throw a party. I wanted to do it efficiently and wanted to introduce new items to my list. First I thing I did, made a list of friends I wanted to invite, then I called them and made sure most of them will be available. It was success because it was on memorial day, most of the people were coming. Then, I made a list of items which I wanted to make. I sort out my list to what I will need from market. Once I had them all, I started to to make preliminary preparation, so at lat moment I will not have to rush. I marinated some meat, that I was going to bake. Some of the stuff, which I needed to fry, I made and freeze them. I made dessert 2 days  in advance, so I was done with it. Last thing I had to do is, made all accessories ready  like spoons and plates and drinks and dishes. Time arrived and everything was ready. After I was married, my new wife and I wanted to travel to Disney World in Florida.  We had to get there by a plane, so we decided to reserve some tickets.  To do this, we looked up prices online during the time that we wanted to go.  We found some ticket prices that were good, so we decided to buy some tickets.  We went to the website of the airline and read all of the conditions we needed to follow in buying a ticket.  We clicked the dates on a calendar of when we were going to need to be flying to and home from Florida.  The total amount of money we needed to pay appeared on our screen.  We put in the info of our credit cards and then the money was given to the airline.  The tickets were now saved for my wife and I to fly. I went to a restaurant with my grandpa a couple of days ago.  It isn't a restaurant that has very good food or very good service, so I wasn't sure if it would be good.  When I ordered my food, it took a long time to get out to me.  When the food was finished and I took my first bite, my burger was very cold.  I tried to get a hold of the waitress who brought us our food.  I asked her kindly if she would be able to make sure that I had a burger that was warm.  She apologized for everything and told me that she could have a warm burger ready for me in just a few minutes.  After about ten or so minutes, the food came back out to me and it was a lot better tasting this time around.  I'm glad I asked for a new one. I work as a painter for a living. Sometimes people want wallpaper which I do not like, but the customer is always right. First I put a coat of primer on the wall so the paper will apply nice and smooth. Then I have to cut and measure the paper. I have a special machine that lets me roll the paper out to the length I need and then cuts it in straight lines. Then I have to put glue on the paper. I apply it to the back of the paper then stick it on the wall as evenly as I can. I use a paint knife to smooth out any bubbles in the paper. Then I wipe off any excess glue with a wet sponge. Now it's time for the next piece. I repeat the process and make sure the pattern lines up. I repeat until all done. When my wife and I were dating, I asked her to go dancing with me.  There was a club in the city that had line dancing on Saturdays.  I picked her up one of those Saturdays and took her to the club.  There was a fee we had to pay to dance of about 10 dollars.  After we got in, the music started to get really loud and we got really excited.  We jumped out into the dance floor and started to dance with each other.  We would stomp our feet and clap our hands.  We would twirl around and jump around.  It was a lot of fun for us and we got really thirsty.  We went to the side of the floor and got a drink that was over there.  She said she had a lot of fun but was tired, so I went and dropped her off at her house. Last week, my boyfriend and I went on a date. First, we went out to dinner at a local restaurant. It was a new Indian cuisine place called "Lazy Garden." We chose the restaurant because it had vegetarian options for me and meat options for him. He had a few kebabs and I had an Indian and Asian fusion salad. After finishing dinner, we went to a movie. We saw a special showing of older movies on modern screens. We saw "Jaws," and it was very interesting to see a movie that came out before we were both born on the big screen. We both jumped when the Jaws jumped out of the water as we nibbled on our Goobers and Sour Patch Kids. When the movie was over, we drove to a local park and just talked as we stared up at the stars. It was the perfect ending to such a romantic night. When I was a boy, my dad loved to teach me how to make a garden.  He first told me about when to plant the plants.  He then told me which plants would do really well in the area that we lived.  We prepared the ground by towing it with a machine.  The machine turned the dirt around and made sure that it was fresh to be planted.  We took out seeds and spaced them apart to give room for the plants to grow.  We watered them every day after that and made sure that they didn't get run over by weeds or bugs.  When the fall came around, my whole family went outside to pick the plants.  We picked out the corn and peas and beans.  My dad and I cut the melons off of the vine and we ate those while we finished all of our work out there. I like to cook a lot but I am not a very good baker . So I never bake cakes from scratch . However I do like cake a lot so I do bake them . I use box mixes . They are easy to use and make a very nice cake . it really does n't take much time . All you need to do is get one bowl . Add the cake mix from the box . Either 2 or 3 eggs added to the bowl . Then a half cup of oil and finally about a cup of water . Then you need to get your mixer and put it on medium and mix it all up for 2 to 3 minutes . Then put it into a non stick cake pan and bake for about 30 minutes . So all together about 10 minutes preparation and 30 minutes baking you can have a good tasting cake in 40 minutes . . I do n't really like frosting so as soon as it cools I cut myself a slice . I love water, anywhere. It attracts me big deal. We were planning since so long. So finally, we got good deal on groupon, and decided to go in group. It was 1 hour from our house. We left house around 9:30 and reached there before 11. It opened at 11. So it was perfect. WE started with lazy river, and then with small slides. and then in wave pool, big slides and rides in boat slide which was falling from above, and splashing water all around. There were couple of water slides , which were kind of risky. If someone is not careful, they can get hurt. But over all, it was good. Best part that food was included in ticket. We went to  slide which one was above the water and falling in to 12 feet water. Kind of scary but we did it. It was literally hitting our body. Saturday night I went to AMC Cinema Theater with my friend Sally. It is the local movie theater in town that just opened up. Me and Sally walked in to the savory smell of popcorn being popped and the colorful lights all around the lobby of the theater. We gave out ticket stub to the worker and walked to the counter to buy some popcorn and and slushy for each of us. After we walked to the hallway where our movie was showing at. We sat in our seats and watched the movie. It was a hilarious comedy and it was really funny. After the movie was over we walked out the theater. As we walked to my car we were laughing on the way out talking about the parts of the movie that were the funniest. We both agreed it was a great movie and we both had a fun time. To wrap a gift, I would gather supplies like wrapping paper, tape and scissors. I would unroll a portion of the wrapping paper on a large, flat surface, like a table or the floor. I would put the gift in a box to make it easier to wrap, especially if the gift is an unusually shaped object. I would wrap the end of the wrapping paper around the gift so that there is a little extra room at both ends. I would use the scissors to cut the wrapping paper from the rest of the roll. Then I would fold the wrapping paper over the boxed gift until the two ends of the paper meet. I would use a piece of tape to keep the wrapping paper in place. I would then fold the ends of the wrapping paper toward each other so that the whole box is covered. I would use several pieces of tape on each side to make sure the paper stays attached to the box. One day, I woke up for work and was shocked because it was light outside. This meant I was late for work! I looked at my alarm clock and realized that it was totally blank. My alarm clock had died! I quickly called my boss and explained why I would be late, and made sure to make a note in my phone to stop at the store later to pick up some replacement batteries. On my way home from work, I pulled into the hardware store to pick up some batteries. However, I realized that in my rush that morning I forgot to look at what kind of batteries I needed! I took a gamble and went with a pack of AAA batteries. I was anxious when I drove home because I didn't want to have to go back to the store. When I got home, I realized that I had gotten the right batteries! I quickly changed the batteries in my alarm clock and tested it to make sure that it worked. It did, and I made sure to always change my batteries every three months so I would never be late for work again. When I woke up this morning I decided it was a good idea to wash my hair. I gathered a towel and some clean clothes to wear after I was finished. I took off what I was wearing and stepped in to the shower. I turned on the water and let it run for a few seconds to get warm. I adjusted the water temperature until it was how I wanted it. I like to use warm water but not hot as hot water can dry out your hair and skin. I put my head under the shower head and thoroughly wet my hair. I opened the shampoo bottle, poured a quarter-sized puddle of shampoo in my hand. I rubbed my hands together for a second to spread the shampoo over them and then rubbed the shampoo in to my hair. I rubbed the shampoo around in my hair to make sure it got everywhere. I put my head back under the shower head to wash out the shampoo. I rinsed my hair until there was no more shampoo. I turned off the shower, used a towel to dry my hair and skin and got dressed. One day I was thinking about my grandma who lives in Florida.  I thought it would be nice to write her a letter.  I sat down at the table and took out a pen and paper.  I wrote to her telling her all about the things going on in my life.  I told her about how I went to my friend's birthday party and how I was looking forward to my vacation in August.  I told her how my friends and I planned a trip to Washington D.C. for vacation.  I signed the letter and folded it up.  I carefully placed the letter into the envelope and addressed it to my grandma.  I put a stamp on the letter and I walked down to the post office.  I gave my letter to the postman and he put it in the mail to go out the next day.  I bet Grandma will be excited to get my letter! For dinner last night I decided to make some Tom Kha soup.  It was a cold November evening, and I was getting over a slight cold.  Soup always makes me feel better in these situations.  I always find Tom Kha to be especially good as a cold remedy.  I had already been to the grocery store and gotten all the ingredients I needed.  I chopped up some lemongrass and ginger and started cooking them in some chicken broth with lime leaves.  While this was simmering, I chopped up some chicken, and placed that in the pot as well.  Then I added the coconut milk, fish sauce, and mushrooms.  I let it simmer for a while to let all the tastes blend. I occasionally tasted the soup, and added extra seasonings until it tasted just right.  The Tom Kha made a very tasty dinner.  I'm looking forward to having the leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Before I started cleaning the shower I removed everything that was sitting in the shower like shampoo and body wash and sat everything on the toilet seat. I blocked my dogs from getting in, turned on the ventilation fan and pulled tucked the shower curtain behind the toilet tank to get it out of the way. I sprayed everything with foaming shower cleaner so there was a thick layer of foam coating the walls, the sides of the tub and the bottom of the tub. I let it sit for a few minutes to soak in and then I used a sponge with a scrubber on it to scrub all parts of the shower, some areas have a lot of hard water stains so I had to scrub even harder. After I have scrubbed everything clean I stood on the side of the tub and turned the shower on cold water, I moved the shower head around to rinse the walls. I aimed the water stream to push all of the foamy water down the drain. When I was done rinsing I left the ventilation fan on and closed the bathroom door so it could dry. It was 2 days before my friend Marc's birthday. I had already bought his present, but it still needed to be wrapped. So, I went to Walgreen's, and purchased some wrapping paper. I then came back home and got the gift that I bought for Marc out. I set the gift down next to the wrapping paper. I then opened the wrapping paper, and pulled out enough paper to cover the entire gift. I used a pair of scissors to cut the paper at that length. I then put the paper on the floor, and placed the gift in the center of the paper. I then began to cover the gift with the paper, by folding each side of the paper until it was over the gift, then I would take another side and do the same, until all sides were covering the gift. I then used tape to keep all the folds neatly together. Marc's Gift was now wrapped. Today I wanted to plan a plane trip to see my grandmother.  She lives in Portland, Oregon, and I live in Birmingham, Alabama.  I decided to get on my computer and look up flights from Birmingham to Portland.  I got online and searched cheap plane tickets in my web browser.  Several websites popped up, and I chose Travelocity.com website to search.  I clicked on the link that said, "Today's Flight Deal" .  I chose the option of taking a round trip flight, then I filled out that I would like to leave from the Birmingham Airport and arrive at the Portland Airport.  I selected that there would be one adult on this trip.   I have the third week of June off of work, so I decided to leave on that Monday morning. I searched to see what flights were available, and picked the one with the earliest leave time.  Then I was asked when I would like to return to Birmingham, and I chose a flight that would return me back home.  Once that was selected, I was told I could continue with my booking and add my personal information like name, phone number, and credit card information.  It was very easy, and I'm excited to be going to see my grandma soon! Yesterday, I went to a doctor appointment. My doctor's name is Dr. Jane who asks her patients to call her by her first name. My appointment was set for two weeks ahead of time for a follow up. I got to the office ten minutes early in case I had to fill out any paperwork. I entered the lobby and approached the front desk. The desk nurse greeted me and had me sign in with my name and doctor I was there to see. She told me I could sit down to wait so I found a chair near the front to sit. I didn't have to wait long and was called to the back by the head nurse. The nurse first took my weight, then my temperature and blood pressure readings. She said everything was fine. Next, she had me follow her to the room where the doctor would see me. Once there she had me sit on the bed and asked me how I was and if I had any symptoms. After taking a blood sample she left the room. I waited for 10 minutes and Dr. Jane came in. After a short discussion, she said the antibiotics had done their job and that my vertigo was all cleared up. After thanking the doctor I paid my fee and was even given a sucker with my receipt which made me smile. Finally, I left the office. I felt good about my appointment and felt relieved that I was no longer ill. It was a standard Saturday morning for me when I decided that I should do laundry.  The weather was bright and sunny and I thought it would be a great day to take my dog to the park with me.  There was only one important chore for me to get done before I could up my friend and see if her and her companion wanted to come along - laundry.  I made sure to just do the bare necessities for the coming week so I didn't waste much time then came the decision of whether or not to fold it immediately or wait until later.  I figured with such a small load, I could get away with folding it and putting it away rather quickly, and that's what I did.  Folding my clothes left me with one less thing to worry about and we were all able to be nice and relaxed on such a beautiful day. One day I went into my bathroom to take a shower. There was a lot of gunk on the walls and hard water build up around the shower head. I decided it was time to clean the shower before things got worse. I went to my cleaning supply cabinet and took out some cleaning spray, paper towels, and a scrubber. Before I removed any grime from the shower, I took out all of my shampoo, conditioner, and other items from the shower. Whatever was empty or I never used, I tossed out. From there I sprayed down the shower with the cleaning chemicals and let it sit for a while. After that I got in there with the scrubber and scrubbed until there was nothing left on the tiles. On the more delicate things, I used the paper towels to wipe down. Once all was clean, I used the removable shower head to rinse down the shower walls and tub. Once clean, I returned the remaining shampoo bottles, etc. and put away my cleaning supplies. I had started a load of dishes in the dishwasher before I left for the store. My dishwasher is very loud so I don't like to be home when it runs.  The dishwasher was quiet, and a green light indicated "clean" so I knew the dishes were done.  I opened the door of the dishwasher, and slid the top rack out.  The top rack was full of glasses and mugs and Tupperware containers.  I stacked the glasses and mugs two-by-two and put them in a cabinet.  The Tupperware containers still had a bit of water in them, so I put them in my drying rack to air out.  Then I slid open the bottom rack, which had many plates and bowls, as well as a case of silverware.  I took the silverware out, placing each utensil in its proper drawer.  Then I took out the bowls and plates and put them up above in a cabinet.  I felt accomplished having finished a chore. When I get home from work, I like to go walking with my dog.  He's a brown and black German Shepherd, and he's really nice and polite to strangers.  I get his leash and head to the door, and he's already waiting for me because he saw me getting the leash.  I put the leash on his collar, open the door, and we're off!  We walk down the block, stopping every so often so he can sniff around and see all his favorite sights, then start to head home.  On the way home, sometimes we see one of my neighbors who is also walking their dog--I'll stop and talk with him for a few minutes while our dogs say hello and play around for a few minutes.  After that, we'll go back to my yard, and he'll potty before going back into the house.  I'll close the door behind us, then take the leash off his collar before he goes running back into the house, looking for some other fun thing for us to do. Tim wrote a letter to his cousin last night . He took out the paper and pen, wrote on the letter a message to his cousin, how much he missed him.  It took a while for him to write, but he told all about the summer, what he did over school break, what he has to do next semester in school, and how many years he has to go to school to be a doctor.  He told his cousin that he wanted to come visit as soon as possible, so they could go fishing, and swimming again that cool lake in the mountains.  He was tired of studying, and working all the time.   After he finished writing the letter, he folded it up, and put a stamp on the letter. He addressed it and put it in the mailbox for the post man to come get it. He knew he would hear soon from his cousin, and that made him happy. Making a bed in a hotel as a cleaning maid consists of stripping off the linens. The blanket  & cover are not washed unless really bad. The linens are picked up for the laundry. There are two flat sheets. The first flat sheet is spread across the bed and tucked tightly using a special fold so it won't undo itself. The send flat sheet is spread out, then the blanket.  Folding the top edge over the blanket, both are tuck between the mattress and spring board. Pillows  are put into clean pillow sacks and the top cover is laid over and tucked under the pillows. Some motels put a mint chocolate on the pillow but most don't. A real fancy hotel would have a flat sheet on top of the blanket as well as below it because that isn't washed everyday. Hotel beds can harbor bed bugs and fleas in the mattress itself. Today was my sister's big day she was finally marrying her long time boyfriend. When we arrived at the wedding we saw many family members outside taking pictures of the people that were there. We entered the church and signed the guest book and put our gifts to them on the table by the book. We went to the room the wedding was taking place in and found a seat to wait for the ceremony to begin. After a few minutes everyone was at their seats, the groom and the wedding party was at the alter, and it was time to begin. It was finally time for my sister to walk down the aisle. In front of my sister was a flower girl walking down the aisle and tossing flowers on the floor. When she made it to the front the music started and everyone stood up to see the beautiful bride. She walked down the aisle with her dad so he could give her away. Her and her now husband said their I do's and the ceremony was over. I was living in my very first apartment of my own, and my parents were coming to visit. However, the apartment was very dirty so I needed to clean it up quickly before my parents got there. I started with the kitchen. I put all of the dishes in the dishwasher and ran it. Then, I wiped off all of the counter tops and made sure that everything on the counters was neatly arranged.  I then moved onto the bathroom. I quickly scrubbed out the toilet and the bathtub, and wiped down the bathroom counter. I also made sure to clean the mirror. I moved onto my bedroom. I picked up all of my clothes off of the floor, rearranged the items on my dresser, and made my bed. Finally, I went to clean the living room. I quickly vacuumed the living room floor and straightened up the pillows on my couch. I did one final look around my apartment and was satisfied that it was clean. It's the end of the year and it's time for my holiday vacation .  Every year at the end of the year I take the last two weeks of the year to visit my family and we go on vacation somewhere new. This year we want to visit Brazil.  I am in charge of booking the flight  and planning the who trip. I go online and make the flight reservations to a two way from LA to Brazil. We plan to stay for over a week and I book a small tour guide to the main points to see in the country.  I know each of my family's preference when it comes to seating in the plane and which rooms they prefer to stay in. I always search for the best deal on or flight tickets and look to save most of our money for our actual trip.  We like to enjoy ourselves and spend quality time with each other, making new memories.  I can't wait for our trip. I had been on a trip to Boston, and it was time for my flight home.  I arrived at the airport ninety minutes before my flight was scheduled to leave to insure I had sufficient time to check in, pass through security and make it to the flight gate.  I had confirmed my reservation ahead of time and printed out a boarding pass which I took with me to the airport.  When I arrived I had luggage to check.  Since I arrived in with enough time I checked my bags at the check in counter.  There was a much shorter line for people who already had their boarding pass.  They gave me receipts which I would need to claim my luggage at my destination.  I put the receipts in my wallet so I would not loose them.  Next there was a line for the security screening.  I patiently waited in the line with the other passengers.  It took 30 minutes to get through the line.  At the screening check point they verified I was not carrying any dangerous items.  I was now able to to to the gate where my plane would depart from.  I had 20 minutes to relax before my flight left. Last week, my girlfriend and I decided to renovate our basement.  We wanted to make it look new and fresh.  First, we took pictures of it and spent some time looking at the pictures, deciding what we wanted to keep and what things we wanted to change about the room.  We then made a list of things we needed to buy at the store to accomplish this renovation.  We went to the store with our list and bought the items we needed.  We came back home and began working in the basement.  We worked together and removed certain things first.  Then, we painted the basement walls together.  After that, we waited until the paint dried.  Then, we hung pictures on the walls that we'd bought.  We then placed a few items like a couch and large TV that we'd bought in the basement.  We added our new carpets too.  Finally, we put the popcorn machine in the corner of the basement and our basement looked new and fresh!  We were excited but tired so we both plopped ourselves on the new couch and napped together happily.  Our basement had been nicely renovated indeed! When I got up this morning I was very tired. I decided that I needed something to help wake me up before I started my various activities for the day. I went to the kitchen and took my electric water kettle to the sink and filled it up with enough water to make a couple of large cups of tea. I then put the kettle back down on its base and pressed the start button so it would begin to heat the water up. In the meantime, I found my favorite mug in the cabinet where we keep the mugs. It was in the very front. I like it because it is big and it has cartoon pictures of owls on it that are cute. I took the mug over to the counter where the kettle was a put it down. I then opened up a box of Earl Grey Tea and pulled out a tea bag and placed it in my mug. The kettle then let me know the water was ready by beeping loudly. I poured the water until the mug was about two-thirds full.  I then set a timer for four minutes to give the tea enough time to steep. I like to set a timer because I sometimes forget and end up with cold tea! When the timer went off, I pulled out the teabag with a spoon and placed it in the trashcan. Then I put a packet of sweetener into the tea. I then took the almond milk out of the refrigerator and put enough of the milk into the tea until it turned a lighter color. I put the milk away and got a spoon. I stirred the  tea to make sure it was all mixed well. Then, because I was being impatient, I got two ice cubes and placed them in the mug of tea to cool it off some. I stirred the tea until they melted and then put the spoon in the sink. I turned off the kettle and left the kitchen with my mug of tea. I sat down at my computer and began to drink it happily. It came out perfectly. When I lived in Spain, my friends and I decided to go to Madrid for a weekend. We knew that Madrid had a very good and easy subway system, but none of us had ever taken it before so we were a little bit nervous. We got off the bus and quickly found a subway map so we could get to our hotel. After looking at the map for awhile, we decided we needed to take two different trains to get to where we needed to go. We got on our first train and everything went smoothly. However, after we got on our second train, we quickly realized we were headed in the wrong direction! We got off  at the next stop and switched to the other side of the subway station so we could get to our hotel. We finally made it to our hotel and laughed about taking the wrong train by accident. I was excited to be going to Cancun in two weeks . I brought my tickets a few months before , and when the day arrived , I simply printed out the ticket from my computer . I brought my two suitcases filled with clothes and necessities , along with my visa and other important travel documents . Once I got to the airport , I passed by security and they checked my bags for anything that was illegal or dangerous . Once I got past the checkpoint , I waited at a terminal for an hour . They began to call for my plane and I got on line . I gave the lady my visa and ticket and I boarded the airplane . I put the luggage above my head in the luggage department and sat down . My seat was next to a window so I was very happy about that . Soon a person sat down next to me . We were told to eventually put our seat belts on as we were ready to fly . We watched a short video on what to do in case we felt some turbulence and what to do in case of emergency . Then the airplane lifted off and I was scared at first , I felt some shaking but eventually we were in the air and everything was okay . Eventually they began to serve food . That was my favorite part . I love airplane food !  I didn't know how to start it. Didn't even know what to say. Should I meet her in person? Should I call? These are questions I've been asking myself. In the end I decided to write a letter. "Hello" I wrote. My pen stopped. Sweat beads coming down from my forehead. Should I just come out and say "I love you"? No, no that's too direct. Maybe I should start with some small talk. OK that's what I'll do: Hello, Nice weather we're having today huh? I'm not a fan myself but what do you think? I didn't know how to contact you whether in person or what so I just decided to go old school and write you a letter. The truth is that I've always loved you. Ever since I saw you years ago I have been so incredibly and madly in love with you. I just had to get this off my chest. I got the best present yesterday! My little boy painted me a picture of him and me next to a rainbow. He did a really great job on the painting and he was very proud of his master piece. I knew I needed to hand it in a very special place. He and I walked around the house with the painting and looked for the perfect spot. We looked in the living room, the kitchen, the playroom, and even the bathroom. We finally decided it would look best in my bedroom. That way I could always see it and it would be with me. We took the painting, a nail, a hammer and a tape measure and headed into my room to hang it up. We measured the wall and chose a good spot to hang it. I put the nail in a little and let my little boy hammer it is, too. We hung the painting on the nail and it was the perfect touch that my room needed. When I went on my last vacation, I first got together all of the clothes that I needed to take on vacation. I then put it all together and figured out how much extra I needed. I sorted everything nicely in the bag as a planned exactly what items I wanted to bring with me. Soon after I packed my clothes, I started to pack other items such as deodorant, toothpaste, cologne, etc. This was easy, but as my suitcase  started to fill up, I felt like I had to start making room for everything. As a result, I made room for everything by using all of the compartments of the bag and taking out some clothes that I didn't need. This was a difficult process because I wanted to make sure that I packed enough for the vacation, but not too much to the point where I wouldn't be able to carry it around. Last night we went out with friends and needed to take a taxi home. First off we needed to find an available taxi. Once we found one we all hopped inside the taxi. We told the taxi cab driver where we wanted to go. There was a lot of traffic so it took a long while to get back to our hotel. Once we were at our hotel the taxi driver let us know what our total for the ride was. It came out to $15.00. My husband decided he would pay for it since some friends paid for our last round of drinks. We paid the taxi driver and all exited the taxi. We were very glad we found a taxi to take us home instead of walking the whole way. It was a very easy decision to make since we were all tired and it is a very big city! The kids' bedroom was a mess.  There were toys everywhere.  I knew it needed to be cleaned before someone fell and hurt themselves.  I got on the floor and started to pick up the blocks.  They all went into one container by themselves.  Next were the books.  I put them back neatly onto the bookshelves where they belonged.  Then there were the dolls.  The kids have a special hamper where they put all their dolls.  I threw the dolls into the hamper.  The dolls accessories were next.  They belonged in a plastic container near the doll hamper.  The room was almost clean.  All that was left were the toy cars.  I picked them up and tossed them into a bin that we keep under the bed.  When all the cars were gone, I rolled the bin back under the bed.  The next time it was dirty, they would have to clean it themselves! Every Saturday night my family and I go out to eat at a restaurant. Saturday nights are busy at restaurants, so we have to make a reservation earlier in the week. This means you tell the restaurant when you are coming to eat, and they agree to have a table ready for you. Some restaurants let you make your reservation online, but for others you have to call and speak to a host or hostess. This Saturday, my family wants to eat at our favorite Greek restaurant. This place doesn't have online reservations, so on Wednesday afternoon I called and spoke to Maria, the hostess. I asked Maria if my family of four could make a reservation for 6pm on Saturday, but that time wasn't available. Maria told me we could eat at 4:30 or 7:30 instead. 4:30 is too early for our dinner, so I picked the 7:30 reservation. After I had selected a DVD disk for my collection that contain the movie that I wanted to play, I removed the disc from the container, and flipped it over to the reflective side to see if there were any scratches or fingerprints that would interrupt the movie while it would be playing in the DVD player. I used a cotton ball that had been slightly soaked in rubbing alcohol to clean the reflective surface of the DVD, wiping side to side and up and down instead of in a circular pattern in order to avoid deepening any pre-existing scratches. Once I have removed all of the fingerprints and smudges, I used a dry paper tile to remove the excess alcohol and any strands that may have come off the cotton ball. Now that the DVD is ready to be played, I push the power button on the DVD player. I push the open button to release the cartridge that holds the DVD disc inside of the player. When the cartridge was ejected, I saw that there was a DVD that had already been inside the player, so I removed the DVD from the player, and placed it to the side. The DVD containing the movie that I wished to watch was in my hand, and I placed it into the same cartridge I had just removed the other DVD from. I then pushed the open button on the player again, and the cartridge automatically retracted back into the player with the DVD. As I heard the DVD player spinning the disc, I picked up the remote control to get ready to push play once the video had finished loading. My table has gotten all sticky from dinner, so it is time to clean it. Cleaning the table helps make the table last longer and keep bugs out, so it is good to do. Some tables can be cleaned with a wet rag, but some tables are especially dirty so they need cleaning chemicals. My table is really dirty and made of stone so I find a good cleaning spray to use on it. The spray I chose is good for stone and doesn't hurt it, and it also gets rid of the stickiness and dirt on the table. I spray the table with not too much of the chemical, and then use some paper towels to rub the table. I make sure I rub the whole table and rub off any dirt or stickiness. After the whole table is rubbed off, I make sure there are no chemicals left on the table and that it is dry. My table is nice and clean again. John was going to go to the theater with his friends during the weekend. He was very excited to spend time with his buddies and was looking forward to it all week. He was going to to go his favorite type of movie, a Spiderman movie. He saved up some money to spend at the theater for a drink and some candy and popcorn. He was splurging on himself but he was determined to have fun. He went to the movies with his friends when the time came and had a great time. The movie was a good movie and the food was good. He was super happy he went and had a good time with his friends. He didn't regret going with his friends to the movies. He went home that night after the movies and he wrote a review online to tell everyone about how good the movie was after he saw it. He gave it a good review. This past month, I ended up coming down with some sort of illness. At first, I wasn't sure what it was, and searching the symptoms online gave me too many results to pinpoint just one illness. To avoid stressing myself further, I decided to visit my doctor. I scheduled an appointment with her over the phone to see her as soon as possible. Thankfully she would be able to see the next day. I went to the clinic the next day and told the receptionist  about my appointment. After a few minutes of waiting, my doctor saw me in her office. After a few different tests, she was finally able to give me a proper diagnosis. She told me that I had come down with bronchitis, and gave me a prescription for some medicine. I took this prescription to the pharmacy next door, and after an hour was able to get my medicine. I took this medicine for about 2 weeks, and before I knew it, I felt much better. John loves coffee.  He loves coffee so much, that he goes to a special coffee shop to buy a very expensive bag of coffee every single week.  His favorite part is making the coffee, and smelling the coffee through his whole house as it is brewing.  When he gets home from buying the coffee, he pulls out the coffee maker, puts water in the pot, and pours just the right amount of coffee grounds into the filter at the top.  After the water and coffee is in the coffee pot, he turns it on, and sets it to perk.  Once it starts, you can hear the coffee brewing, the water heating, and the water being forced through the coffee grounds.  It starts to smell like the best coffee ever, and John is happy.  When it finishes, the coffee maker beeps, and he knows it is finished.  He pours himself a cup of coffee, and adds his cream and a touch of sugar. Judy came home and walked past the bathroom. She noticed the shower was looking a little grimy. Going straight to the kitchen, she grabbed everything she would need to deep clean the shower. A bucket, a sponge, shower cleaner, a baggie for trash, a scrubbing pad, and a large bucket. Going in, she started by running the shower on very hot to wet down the whole shower area. Being careful not to burn herself, she waved the shower head back and forth to get all the corners wet. Then, she sprayed the shower cleaner all over the shower and organized her counter while she waited a few minutes to let it soak in. Using the sponge, she scrubbed and scrubbed to get all the build up off. She then turned the shower back on and rinsed all the tile and the fixtures, using the sponge now and again to spread the water around. She put all the debris in the baggie, and threw it away in the kitchen. Standing back, she gave herself a tiny pat on the back for the gleaming bathroom shower she was leaving behind. Last weekend , I took the train into the city with my younger brother to attend a concert . We drove to the train station to catch the 4 PM train . It took a while to find parking . Once we boarded the train , we took a seat . The train conductor came by and we purchased 2 round trip tickets with cash . The ride to the city took about an hour . Many people got on and off at every stop . I enjoyed the people watching . There were many different types of people , the business types , students , families , and coeds . There were a couple loud babies and annoying blondes as well . It was very loud . After about an hour , we were almost to our stop . Once we arrived , the train pulled into the system and the conductor announced that it was the last stop and that everything had to depart . We walked onto the platform and into the train station , then were on our way .  Last night I invited some friends over to my house. It was a nice evening so we decided to build a bonfire. First, we cleared a patch of grass and built a large circle made of big rocks. Next we put some logs around the circle of rocks for us to sit on. Then we went into the woods to gather some dry tree branches and dry leaves. We then put them inside the circle of rocks and made a large pile. We lit a match and put it into the large pile, so the branches and leaves caught fire. It made huge flames, which were nice and hot to sit by. We then sat around the bonfire, told stories, sang songs, and roasted some marshmallows. In a few hours, the fire began to die out, but it allowed us to have a good night. After the bonfire was out, we left and went to bed. I love going grocery shopping ! Usually I am going with my ten month old son while my husband is at work . before I go , I make a list of what we need or else I will buy things that I do not need . I check sales to make sure I get the best deals on things and make a meal plan . Then I get my son in the car and we drive over the the grocery store . We get a cart and I put my son in it . I give him a toy and secure it to the cart after I wipe it down to make sure its clean , and we enter the store . We go through the store and using my list grab what I need . Since i usually go two or more times a week , I only spend about 3 minutes there before I have all we need and can pay . Then we go back out to the car . I put my son back in his car seat and the bagged groceries in the trunk and head home .  Yesterday was my daughters birthday and my sister and I threw her a surprise birthday party for her 13th birthday.  I invited our families and her friends over two weeks ago to give them plenty of time to arrange to come.  I ordered a birthday cake in the number of 13, representing his new age. I purchased gifts which she had hinted to wanting and a few extra's also. I also purchased decorations, paper plates and cups and party favors. I sent her to spend the night with her best friend, whose mother knew what was going on and while she was with her friend I prepared the house for her party.  My daughter was expected to be home at 2;00 the next day and I went to work on placing everything where it needed to go.  All of our families and her friends started gathering to the house about 1:30.  When she arrived home we were all in the living room, surrounding her cake and presents.  The party began and my daughter was very happy with what transpired. When I was young, my mom had an obsession with painting the walls of our house. As soon as she finished painting one room, she would start on another. We were in this never ending flux of wall colors. Her most ambitious project was painting her bedroom in an unconventional way. Instead of using a roller and painting the walls a solid color, she would dab a rag in the pan of paint and repeatedly press it against the wall, creating a unique textured look. The problem was, her bedroom was huge, so this took months and enlisted the help of me and my siblings. The first time I tried it, I did all of the dabs in a really uniform way, so each looked like the other. This was not how she had painted the rest of the wall, and so my section stood out and looked very different from the rest. She didn't paint over it or anything, so for the remainder of the time that we spent in that house, that section of wall looked completely wrong and out of place. I wanted to see some art, so I decided to visit a museum. I picked up my friend Ryan from his house and we drove together to the museum of art in the downtown area of the city. We paid for our tickets at the front and received wristbands. We then walked into the main room of the museum. We wandered around for a while, taking the stairs to different floors and walking into all of the different rooms. We saw paintings in some rooms, sculptures in others, and some rooms had special exhibitions going on. When we became tired, we stopped at the cafe to enjoy a cup of coffee and a snack. After resting at the cafe, we looked at a few more exhibits and watched a video about the museum in a screening room. After this we were ready to leave, so we walked out to the car and drove home. I get into the driver's side of the car and the instructor sits next to me in the passenger side.  I put on my seat belt, adjust my rearview mirror, and make sure I can reach the pedals and steering wheel comfortably.  I put the key in the ignition and turn on the car.  The instructor asks me to drive around to the back of the building, where we will practice parallel parking.  I shift the car into Drive and press on the gas pedal gently with my foot.  I carefully steer the car to the back of the building.  I take my foot off of the gas pedal and use it to press down on the brake pedal.  The instructor has me park between two orange cones next to the curb.  One I have done this to his approval, I shift the car to Park and turn it off. The other day , my best friend and I were riding to his house . When we were almost there , I noticed that the front tire on my bicycle felt rather wobbly and was most likely flat . I was in luck however , as my friend had a bicycle repair kit and some spare tires . Once we arrived at my friend 's house , I asked my friend if he let me borrow his bicycle repair kit . First , I turned the bike over and removed the front tire and tube . Next I filled the tube with air to check where the tube was damaged , and found a small glass shard which had punctured through it . After making ensure the tube was fully deflated , I repaired the puncture in the tube by using glue and applying a patch on top , then slid it back onto the tire using my hands . Next , I placed and pushed the tire back onto the tube . After which , I reconnected the tire onto the bicycle . Finally , I pumped air into the tire until it was filled up and the bicycle was ready to be ridden again .  I look out my window at my front yard and notice that my lawn is growing a little too tall. I think it is time to mow it. I check the sky for rainy clouds to make sure it will not rain soon, and also check the Internet for any rain later today. It will not rain today, so it is safe to mow the lawn on my lawnmower. My lawnmower has a motor and a seat for me to ride in, so it is much easier to use. I go into my garage to make sure my lawnmower has enough gas to work. The lawnmower has plenty of gas and is in good shape, so I turn the key and start its engine. The lawnmower doesn't cut the grass unless you pull the lever that controls the blade, so I pull that lever and start to drive the lawnmower over the grass. I make sure the grass is being cut after I drive over it, and carefully steer the lawnmower over all the tall grass in my yard until the grass is cut. When sending party invitations, I think it is important to first pick an invitation that reflects the theme of the party. For instance, if the theme of the party is a Hawaiian luau, then I would pick an invite with palm trees and tropical flowers. I think it is a wise decision to write out a list of people whom I  want to invite beforehand so that I do not leave anyone out. On the invite, I include information such as when and where the party is. I also include what type of attire people should wear so that people are dressed appropriately for the party. These day, it is much easier to send party invitations through electronic means on the computer such social media or email. It also saves money on stamps, and I do not have to write out the addresses on the envelopes by hand. After sending out the invitations, I sit back and wait for people to r.s.v.p. to tell me whether or not they will be able to attend my party. Tom needed to go to work so he went into his car.  Unfortunately, his car would not start. He needed to get to his work before he is late. He was scared he would get fired by his boss. He then looked online to find a taxi.  He called them and they came. He was ecstatic but the taxi driver had two other passengers in the car. Tom got worried but the driver told him not to worry. Tom had to wait. The cab driver drove the two other passengers to their destination without a problem. By that point, his job was about 10 minutes away. He was going to back it on time. Suddenly the taxi driver realized he was low on gas. He then went to the gas station and tom was getting more and more impatient. He told the driver to hurry it up and not go to the gas station. The cab driver still filled his tank and tom made it in the nick of time. I was finally able to get my driving permit and it was time for my first driving lesson. I was so excited to meet my instructor and drive their car for the first time. I got behind the wheel made sure I checked the mirrors so I could see everything around me. I put my seat belt on and told the instructor to put theirs on too. I adjusted my seat so I could reach the pedals and steering wheel comfortably. It was time to put the key in the ignition and start the car. After the car was on I checked the mirrors to make sure I would not hit anything and backed out the parking spot. He instructed me to drive the car around the block to make sure I knew the basics of driving. After he felt comfortable we went out onto the road. We drove for a few miles before going back to the school. I was on the way to my girlfriend's house. I decided to look as sharp as I can for her. I have plan a surprise date just the two of us which I have already made reservation. I decided to stop by the barber shop and have my hair cut, washed and dye.  The barber did a good job with my hair and putting the dye in. I was please with the progress he was making between finishing up and my reservation time. The last step was rinsed, washed and rinsed. After lying back in the chair I continued looking at my watch. Shortly the barber said I'm all finish. I said thanks you. I went outside get into my car. I felt something wet as I lean back, it was my shirt soaked in the back. I was so upset and disappointed. I rushed back home to change shirt, by the time we made it, my reservation was taken. My afternoon was ruined due to a simple hair wash. I decided to renovate my guest bedroom.  The walls were a pale beige; I decided they would look better as a bright blue.  I went to the hardware store and found a color of paint that I liked.  I asked a friend to help me move all of the furniture away from the walls and take down all the pictures.  We put down tarps on the floor so that paint did not get everywhere.  I put down painter's tape along the molding so that they did not get painted.  It was a lot of work but we got the room painted in a few days.  Once the walls were dry, I painted the molding along the floor with fresh white paint.  I got inspired after the painting and set up a new set of wooden shelves, painted the same white as the molding.  Then we moved the furniture back around until the room looked nice and fresh. I was feeling a little stressed out so I decided to go to the sauna.  I needed to go with someone so I asked my friend to go with me.  We showed up together in our swimming suits and with some extra clothes and a towel.  When we got there, we talked to a clerk that said that it would cost 10 dollars for us to use the sauna for 30 minutes.  We agreed to pay and got out 10 dollars for each of us to pay for the time.  We got a key to open the door and we opened it up.  There was a tray that had hot coals on it and we poured water on it to get the room really steamy.  We sat in there in our swimming suits and relaxed in the heat.  After we were done, we turned the coal burner down and left. My husband and I just bought a house.  The house we bought is a little bit of a fixer upper.  The living room was the first room that we wanted to renovate.  The first time we did was move everything out of the room.  Next, we went to the store and picked out paint.  We painted the walls a beautiful blue and then we had to pick out new flooring.  We decided on hardwood floors.  We ordered the wood, but had to hire a contractor to put the flooring in since we couldn't do it ourselves.  The contractor came in and had the job done within a day.  Once that was done, we put up new curtains and brought in new home dcor.  We put the furniture back into the living room and added different personalized touches like pictures to make the room just right.  It was a lot of work, but totally worth it! It was summertime and I was very thirsty. I wanted to drink orange juice very badly, but I did not have any orange juice. Luckily I had an orange tree in my backyard. I picked some good and ripe oranges to juice. In the kitchen, I brought out my electric juicing machine and plugged it in. I washed the outside of each orange to make sure my juice did not get dirty. Then, I cut each orange in half and turned the juicer on. This kind of juicer worked by spinning a plastic piece inside the juicy part of the orange when you held the orange against it. The juicer squished all the orange bits inside the peel and turned it into juice. The juice came out the side of the juicer from a spout and poured into a glass that I had put there before. The juicer was very good at its job, and removed all the seeds from the juice that came out for me. The orange juice was fresh and tasty. The kitchen floor was filthy after our big cookie baking marathon, so it was time to clean it.  After all the cookie baking mess was cleaned up, I took the vacuum cleaner, plugged it in to an outlet and vacuumed the floor being careful to get under the edges of where the counter stuck out.  I made sure I sucked up all the crumbs and other dirt before I unplugged the vacuum and put it away.  Next, I found the mop and mop bucket and carried them to the kitchen sink.  I let the water run until it was nice and hot, measured half a cup Lysol floor cleaner into the bucket, then filled it half way with hot water.  I placed the bucket on the floor, dipped the mop in to get it soaking wet, lifted it out of the water and kept it over the bucket, pulled down on the handle to wring out the extra water.  I started mopping the floor, rinsing the mop in the bucket every few minutes until I had reached the doorway.  I rinsed the mop once more, wrung it out and stood it on the kitchen floor propped up against the wall while I took the bucket out to our gravel driveway to empty it.  After I rinsed the bucket, I put it and the mop away.  The floor looked much better.  Time to eat some cookies! I love to drive. About 6 months ago I drove to a town about 100 miles away. The day before I made sure I had a full tank of gas and that the car was clean inside and out for the trip. I left on my trip in the morning. I was glad the car was clean and full of gas so I would not have to do all that stuff right before going on the trip. It was a Saturday morning and not too much traffic. I live in a city. It took about 45 minutes to get out of town. I like driving safely and giving plenty of room ahead of me and the vehicle in front of me. You never know when someone will do something stupid and I will have to swerve out of the way. On my trip everyone drove safely and I did not have to swerve out of the way. I was very hungry one morning, so I decided to make an omelette. I grabbed ingredients out of the fridge, which was three eggs, a red onion, a green pepper, and a red pepper. I pulled out my cutting board and a knife and diced up the onion and peppers. Once they were diced, I got a pan out and put it on the stove top and turned on the stove. While it heated up, I cracked three eggs into a bowl. I stirred the eggs thoroughly. When the pan was heated, I put the peppers and eggs into the pan. I let them simmer for about three minutes before mixing the eggs in. I turned the heat down and let it cook. When it was about half done, I flipped half of it onto itself. I covered the top and let it sit until it was done. I turned off the stove top and put the omelette on a plate. It was delicious! It was a Tuesday night at my house, which meant one thing-doing the laundry. I put the clothes in the washer and went about some others tasks before switching them to the dryer. As the dryer played its song to indicate that it was done drying the clothes, I picked up the laundry basket and headed to the laundry room. I pulled out clothes and put them in the laundry basket and carried them to my room. I turned on the television so I would have something to watch while folding. I first folded all of my shirts and put them in one pile. After that I folded all of my pants and put them in another pile. I then matched and rolled all of my socks just the way I like them. I then repeated this process with my husband's clothes. When I was finished folding the clothes I put them all away where they belonged. The garbage bag in the kitchen was completely full, so it was time for it to be taken out to the trash bin. First I removed the plastic bag from the garbage canister so that it would slide out of its. But before removing the bag, I pulled on the yellow drawstrings that was once holding the trashbag over the canister securely, but now will be used to close the garbage bag. From the two holes that I could see the yellow ribbon, I pulled at the yellow plastic which drew the top of the garbage bag closed once I was satisfied with the tightness, I tied the two yellow stripes into a not to secure the closure in place. Using the dotted yellow plastic straps, I pulled the bag of words while using the other hand to pool the canister downwards. This separated the canister from the garbage bag, and I took the full and close garbage bag out the door and put it in the trashcan. I came back into the house, reached under the cabinet and grabbed a brand-new, empty trashbag. I unfolded it completely, and placed the bottom of the garbage bag into the bottom of the trash canister. I opened the yellow handle that is woven into the top rim of the garbage bag, using the yellow to guide me as I fitted the bag around the rim of the canister. Now the new trashbag was inside and ready to be used. It was Saturday night and I had expected my best friend to come over later, we had previously made plans to get together and watch a movie. As I turned on the TV, I put a bag of popcorn in the microwave to get ready for my friend to come. I heard the doorbell rang, and greeted my friend who came in with some boxes of movie theater candy. As I led her to the couch, she sat and I ran back to the microwave to get out the popcorn. I got the biggest bowl I could find, and dumped the bag of pooped kernels into the bowl. I showed my friends a few options of movies we could watch and she picked out a new comedy. I opened the DVD player, took out the disc and put it in. I sat down next to my friend on the couch and pressed play on the remote. I went to my favorite restaurant and ordered a chicken salad, something I had never gotten before. I waited patiently for my food. When it came, it looked really good. I took a few bites and something seemed off. It seemed too salty, and the chicken was a bit cold. I thought about just eating it, but decided it would be better to send it back. I waited for our waiter to return. When he did, I explained that my meal wasn't very good. I told him the chicken was served cold and the dressing was far too salty. He apologized and offered to get me a new one. I agreed. He went to the back and had the chef make me a new chicken salad. When it came back out, the chicken was hot and the dressing was not salty at all. Overall, I was very happy that I sent it back. Omelettes are one of my favorite breakfast foods, so I grabbed a skillet's from the pantry, place it on the skillet and turned on the heat to medium in order to get ready to cook them. While the skillet was heating up, I cracked two eggs, and the and the contents of the shell into an empty bowl and discarding the white cells. I beat the eggs until the yoke and egg white had combines, then added a few splashes of milk and continued beating. Once I was satisfied with the consistency of the egg of the omelette, then I prepared the contents that will go inside. I already had a bacon that have been cooked previously, so I crushed the bacon with my hands in order to make crumbles. I also grabbed a bag of cheddar cheese from the refrigerator, as well as an onion. I cut a few slivers of onion off, and chop them into fine pieces. Now that I have all of my ingredients prepared, I pour the egg into the preheated skillet and let the egg cover the bottom surface of the skillet. Once I felt the ad was halfway cooked, I use a spatula to lift and flip the egg over to the other side. Immediately after flipping the egg, I placed my crumbled bacon, diced onion, and shredded cheddar cheese on one side of the circular cooking egg. I then use my spatula to close the omelette, flipping the uncovered side of the egg on top of the bacon, cheese and onion that was situated on the other side of the egg. Once the egg was properly closed, I then use a spatula to turn the omelette over so that it may continue cooking on the other side, and turning off the heat. After about 40 seconds of cooking, I then use a spatula to remove the omelette from the skillet, and place it on the plate so I can begin eating. Yesterday morning, I wasn't feeling like I had a lot of energy.  I was at work in the diner and I was really hoping to get a drink of coffee.  Someone came in and I waited their table and they asked for coffee.  I went to the kitchen and there wasn't anything left, so I had to make it myself.  I got all of the ingredients I would need together to make the coffee and brought them to the company coffee machine.  I placed a new filter in the coffee machine and a new pod that the machine uses to make the coffee.  Once it was done, I poured the coffee out into a mug.  I placed a couple spoonfuls of creamer in the coffee, as the person had asked for.  I took the coffee out to the customer and they told me thanks for making it just right for them. I woke up at 7 am this morning. Then went straight to the loo, then while I was half asleep, I decided what to have for breakfast. It was gonna be an omelette , a mushroom omelette. But I had no eggs at home. I could have  eaten cereal for breakfast but decided to have omelette since that is what I had decided. So I went for a  quick walk at 7:30 to the nearby shop. I bought a dozen of eggs and was at home by 7:40. I heated up the pan , poured some oil and sauteed the mushrooms , at the same time I broke open two eggs , added some milk , salt , chilies, garlic to mix and whipped it good. When the mushroom was nicely I sauteed I added the eggs. I let it set and flipped it. Enjoyed it with nice buttered toast and a big glass of orange juice. Last year on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, I went to my friend Eric's wedding with my partner. The wedding was outside on the Art Institute terrace at 10am. When I arrived at the wedding, I was greeted by Eric's parents who were very nice, friendly, and welcoming. Once my partner and I found our seats, we said hello to our friends and also met some new people. After about a half an hour of socializing, it was time for the ceremony to begin. It was a beautiful ceremony. I cried because I was so happy for Eric and his partner. After the ceremony, it was time for brunch. We had the choice of biscuits and gravy or pancakes. I chose the biscuits and gravy dish. We were also served an assortment of family style sides, like bacon and home fries. It was a really fun wedding and I enjoyed myself. I have relatives that live very far away from where I do, and unfortunately they don't have access to the same technologies as me, so I can't communicate with them over the Internet. For some time, we've had to do it the old-fashioned way - by writing letters to each other. After enough time would pass since one of them would send me or my family a letter, I would begin to work on one. I would write for a few minutes, usually talking about things that my family recently did, and asking them how they've been doing. If possible, I would even attach pictures to the letter, so they could see what we've been up to. I would then close up the letter in an envelope, stamp it, and write on their address. The next morning, I'd drop it in my mailbox for the postman to pick it up and take it to the post office. Usually, they would write back within a week responding to my letter. We are having a tea party! Megan and Veronica are at my house today. Megan lines up all the chairs while Veronica slides the table over to the kitchen. Mother puts hot water into the kettle and sets it on the stove. We gather all of the plastic cups from our grocery store play set and put them on the table in front of the teddy bears. Then we sit at the big table and wait... "Wheeeee" said the kettle as mother scurries over to take it off of the stove. Gives up each a teacup with little flowers on it, and then puts a tea bag in each one. The teddy bears will have to pretend. Then she puts a dish with sugar in it on the table, too. When she pours the water into our cups, the teabag turns the water brown! It's like magic. Then when we are done making the water brown, we take out the teabags and plop a little bit of sugar into our cups. Then we stir it and sip our tea. I love tea parties with Veronica and Megan. My family and I are going on a trip, so I need to pack my suitcase. First I thought of where we are going so I know what kind of clothes I need. We are going to the beach so I know it will be hot. I took my suitcase out and opened it. I started by putting my sandals and extra pair of shoes towards the bottom. Then i packed my nice and folded pair of pants and some shorts also. Next came some shirts for the daytime, to go swimming, and to sleep in. Then I packed my underwear and some socks. I put my big beach towel folded on top of everything so it would fit. I thought what else I should take. Then I remembered I need sunscreen so I went to get it and put it on one of the side pockets of the suitcase. I also got my toothbrush and a small toothpaste tube and put those on the side pocket. Last I got my water goggles and packed those in too. I made sure all the zippers closed so nothing falls out and I was ready to go on our trip. My dad told me that it was time for me to go to the dentist.  We went there once every year and it was now time to go there.  I got in my car and I drove down to the dentist's office.  I got checked in and they asked me to wait a while until the dentist could see me.  While I waited, I looked at things on my phone and some of the magazines that were there.  They called my name and I went back to a small room with a chair that I rested in.  The assistants came in and cleaned my teeth with some of their tools.  It was a long time to keep my mouth open, but I knew it was for the best.  The dentist came in and told me that I didn't have any cavities and that I was good to go back home. The first order of business in feeding a baby is to make sure he's hungry, because if he's not hungry, he's not going to eat.  In our case, it's been a while since the baby last ate, and he's getting a little fussy, so he's probably hungry.  (It's probably time to change his diaper, too, but that's another story.)  His Mom is at work, but she left some milk in a bottle in the refrigerator.  So the first thing to do is set the baby down in a safe place.  We'll put him in his monkey chair and strap him in.  Then we need to pour some water in the bottom of a pot, put the pot on the stove, turn on the heat, and put the bottle with the milk in the water at the bottom of the pot to heat up the milk.  After a bit, we remove the bottle from the water and flick a little milk on our wrist to make sure it's warm but not too hot.  When the milk is just the right temperature, we turn off the stove, remove the bottle from the pot, remove the baby from the monkey seat and head for the couch.  Then we cradle the little tyke, show him the bottle, and let him do the rest.  When he's finished, turn him face down over your shoulder and pat him a few times to let him burp if he needs to.  Mission accomplished.  Go change his diaper. I was bored and wanted to play a game. The weather was very nice outside, so I decided to play tennis in the park with a friend. I put on my running shoes since I would be running around a lot on the tennis court. Sandals would not have been safe to run that much in. I brought my tennis racket and some tennis balls to the park and met my friend there. We went into the court and each picked a side of the court. I was on the left side of the net and my friend was on the right. It was my turn to serve, so I threw the ball I was holding up and hit it over the net. The ball bounced on the floor past the net and my friend hit the ball back to me. I was fast and jumped up to hit the ball before it hit the floor. The ball whizzed past my friend and he could not hit it back. I scored a point. I won the game a few minutes later after we hit the ball back and forth some more. So it was finally weekend. It is the time to clean the house and wash the clothes. So I went to my basket where I usually put all my dirty cloths that I wore during weekdays. I grabbed the basked and brought it to my washer and dryer machine. I took out detergent from closed above. Added one cup of detergent in machine tray of washer and I also added cloths softener in the tray besides the detergent tray in my washer machine. Then I set it up the machine timer to one hour. I started the machine and then I waited for one hour while watching TV. Then I removed clothes from washer machined and put in in dryer machine, I set the timer to hour and again waited for an hour while watching TV. I heard the beep when drying was done. So I went back to machine and remove dry clothes from it and put it in a clean basket. And that is how my cloth washing session ended. I looked at my sink which contained a ton of dirty dishes that needed to be washed and put away. I removed the dirty dishes from the sink and plugged the drain. I turned the faucet on and let the sink fill with water as I poured in a decent amount of dish soap. The bubbles from the soap rose up to the edge of the sink. Once the sink was full, I turned the water off and placed the dishes into the water. I grabbed a wash cloth and put it into the water to get it wet. I repeatedly scrubbed each dish and rinsed them off in a stream of cool water. Then I placed them on a drying mat I had placed next to the sink. Once I had washed every dish and rinsed each one, I grabbed a towel from the drawer and dried each one off. I placed each one in the cabinet where they belonged. Busy city like New York, it is wise to take underground transportation. We were in long island area. We wanted to go to see statue of liberty and surrounding attractions. We are not so familiar with the area, and we are just visiting the place. SO we called the front desk where we were staying. They helped us and gave the schedule for subways and underground transportation. We wanted to leave around 10. So I look and there was a train which was leaving 9:50. We got ready before time, and there was a bus which dropped us at the station. We had to walk on bridge which took us to the other side and eventually we took stairs to go underground to catch the train. It was crowded, but train was on time. It stopped there for only couple of minutes. We got on and reached our destination on time. I woke up this morning and I decided to take a shower right away.  I got out of bed and went to my dresser to get all of my clothes for the day out of the drawers.  I took them to the bathroom with me to change right into after the shower.  I got undressed and got a towel ready so that I could get dry fast when the shower was over.  I turned on the water in my shower with my right hand and waited for the water to warm up a little.  When it had, I went into the water and got wet everywhere.  I started to put soap on my and waited a minute while it cleaned my body.  I rinsed my body off from the soap and I was ready to get out.  I walked out of the shower and dried off with my towel I had prepared. I was the first person up in my house on Saturday morning, so it was up to me to make the coffee.  I took a container of French vanilla from the pantry along with a clean filter.  I measured 2 tablespoons of coffee into the filter.  I removed the filter holder from my coffee machine and put the clean filter with the french vanilla coffee into it, relishing the aroma.  I clicked the holder into place.  Then I took the glass carafe from the machine and filled it with cold water.  I poured the water into the area above the filter and turned the machine on.  I could hear the water heating and within a few minutes hot water was running down over the coffee grounds and then dripping into the carafe.  When all the water had run over the beans, I poured some into my favorite mug and added a little bit of cream and some sugar.  I left the rest for my family to enjoy when they got up. Mary took the check book out of her purse and put it on the kitchen table. Fred took the stack of mail from by the door and put it by the check book. Both of them grabbed a pen from the drawer by the kitchen phone, and sat down at the table to begin discussing how they were going to pay all the incoming bills for the months to come. Fred had been laid off for two weeks at the beginning of the month, so things had been a little tighter than usual. Mary wrote checks for the household bills; cable, water, electric, gas, and sewer. Fred wrote checks for home and entertainment; the mortgage, all the credit cards, and any shopping bills for clothing and groceries. They both preferred to work in silence, and enjoyed the moment when they had addressed and stamped all the envelopes, then went outside to put them in the mailbox together. Fred kissed her when they got to the front door. Today I realized that my bathroom was too messy, so I decided to clean it.  I started with the tub, first rinsing everything out and wiping it down with a rag.  I then took a spray bottle of tub and tile cleaner and vigorously scrubbed it into every inch of the tub.  I made sure to wear eye and mouth protection while doing this, so I wouldn't get hurt myself.  Finally, I rinsed the cleaner off of the tub to make the entire area sparkling clean.  After cleaning the tub, I found a scrub brush for the toilet, along with some toilet cleaner, and scrubbed the inside of the toilet bowl.  I used tile cleaner to get the outside of the toilet, before wiping it down with a clean rag.  The last thing I did was get a damp rag and wipe down the sink to make the bathroom nice and clean. Today I had an appointment at the dentist. I left my house and drove myself to the dentist's office. I entered the building and went to the front desk where the secretary was sitting. I said hello, told her my name and confirmed my appointment. She said thank you and to take a seat in the lobby and that someone would call my name when the dentist was ready to see me. I sat down in a chair in the lobby and started reading a magazine. Ten minutes later I heard someone call my name. It was a woman who was dressed in hospital scrubs and she said she was the assistant to the dentist. She introduced herself and showed me what room to go to. I entered the room and was introduced to the dentist. I then sat down in the chair and had my dental check up. They had me open my mouth and inspect my teeth. I also got my teeth cleaned. After they were finished, my appointment was over. They said goodbye and I had went to the front desk to check out and tell them I was leaving. I then went to my car and drove myself home. The fishing day went really well and Allan was looking forward to his dinner of freshly-caught, fried fish.  He had filleted the fish as soon as he returned to the dock and now he rinsed and dried each fillet. He took some saltine crackers and crushed them in a plastic bag, using a rolling pin. He poured the crumbs onto a plate. He put some flour on another plate and added some salt and pepper and mixed them with the flour. Next, Allan cracked two eggs into a bowl and added a couple of spoonfuls of water. With a fork, he quickly stirred the egg and water until they were blended together. Allan put a large frying pan on his stove and turned on the burner. He added oil to about a half an inch. While the oil was heating, he took one fillet in his right hand and set it in the flour mixture and completely covered the fish. He then took the fillet and dipped it in the egg and then set the fish on the cracker crumbs. He turned the fish and pressed on the crumbs until the fillet was coated. He then carefully set the breaded fillet into the hot oil. When the edges of the fillet were starting to brown, he took tongs and carefully turned the fillet over. In just a few minutes, the bottom edges were also browning so he removed the fish from the pan with the tongs. He set the fish on some paper towels to soak up the excess oil and then moved it to his dinner plate. We decided we would go to Florida for our vacation. We wanted to fly because it would take a very long time to drive there. We figured out the day we would leave, and the day we would come back. Then we went online to see what airline we might take. We looked for airlines that had flights from our city to Florida on the days we wanted to fly. We made a list of those possibilities on the computer. Next we compared the prices, because we did not want to pay too much. We found the one that had the lowest cost and selected that one. We typed in our information, like our name and phone number and email, and then we paid for the tickets with a credit card online. We printed out the receipt and the directions for how to get our tickets and boarding pass. We would need to take those with us when it was time to go to the airport to leave. Everything was ready fro our trip, now that we had made the flight reservations. Talking on the phone has always been a regular part of my life. I use the phone every single day to talk to my parents, and occasionally to talk to my friends and other relatives. Just last week, I got a phone call from a friend that lives in my old home town. It was about the middle of the day, and I heard my phone ring. The phone number was unknown to me, and the only thing I recognized was the area code. Because of this, I answered the phone and was pleasantly surprised to hear the voice of one of my good friends on the other line. Once I knew that it was in fact one of my friends, we talked on the phone for about 2 hours just trying to catch up with what we've been doing. By the time I hung up the phone, I was happy knowing that I got to talk to an old friend. I once had to give cough medicine to a child who was sick. The child had been coughing for several hours, and was having pain in his chest from all of the coughing. I went to the medicine cabinet and found a bottle of cough syrup. I ready the directions printed on the side of the label, and determined the amount of cough syrup to administer. I also got a small, clear plastic medicine cup out of the cabinet to measure out the amount of syrup to pour based on the child's weight. The child needed two tablespoons of the syrup according to the directions, so I poured out that amount into the cup and gave the cup to the  child to drink. I encouraged him to completely drink the cup of medicine so that he would have relief from his coughing. Afterwards, I rinsed out the cup, put the lid on the bottle, and put it back in the cabinet. This past summer, my family went on vacation to San Diego. One of the reasons that we like going to this city so much, apart from all the things there is to do, is going to the beach. We would always make sure to pack some beachwear or swimwear with all of our normal clothes because of this. We would all go to the beach dressed in our beachwear, so that we wouldn't have to worry about finding a bathroom to change in. There was so much fun things to do there when we recently went. One of the things that me and my younger brother did was buy some molds from a nearby shop to make sand castles with. Another thing that I did was sunbathe, with a beach towel to lay down on while I felt the sun on my skin. My brother and my mom actually went into the water, something that I've always been nervous about doing. After we'd had enough, we dried ourselves off with the towels, hopped back in the car, and went back to our hotel room. I went to the swimming pool at the local YMCA recently. I decided to go towards 1 PM since there would be less people there. I do not like sharing a lane. Even though sharing is caring, I find it to be crowded in the pool and distracting sharing a lane. I drove to the YMCA, about 15 minutes. I then parked my car and went inside. I then changed into my bathing suit. I proceeded to swim for about 35 minutes. Mostly just the front crawl, and back stroke. I also used the kicking board for about 200 meters or 4 laps of a 50 meter pool. Finally, I finished my swim. This YMCA has a hot tub so I then soaked in the hot tub for a half hour to relax my muscles. I then went back to the locker room, showered, and changed back into my work clothes before leaving. John was just finishing up drying some clothing in the dryer when he heard the machine beep. He was ready with a hamper for his clothing and was going to fold all of his laundry that he washed. The clothing smelled really nice and he took a big whiff of the freshly washed and dryed clothing. He then stuffed them into the hamper and took the hamper in hands and proceeded into the bedroom. He placed the hamper on the bed and started to fold his clothing. He started with the shirts and continued to fold them. He made sure they were folded nicely and put them in a pile to put in the dresser. He then proceeded to fold his socks. He just shoved one matching sock into another and put those in a pile. He continued folding his laundry, he finished folding his underwear, jeans, and everything else he needed to fold. He put them into the dresser and continued about his day. I live in New Orleans so I don't answer my doorbell unless I know someone is supposed to be coming over. If there is a random unexpected ring, it goes ignored. Because it might be a bad person looking to do me harm. When I have dinner parties though I do answer the bell. I hear the bell ring from way back in the kitchen. I know the bell mean a guest is here and it's time to go to the front door. Then I have to walk through the house dodging guests and their drinks and food. When I get to the door I fling it open with abandon for I am having a party and I suspect the person on the other end is a friend and not a foe. I welcome the person in after I've told them to stop ringing the bell repeatedly. My friends are obnoxious that way. I walked into my living room, and thought to myself about how it looked. The room was boring, and had a couch that did not feel good to sit on. I decided to fix the room up, to renovate it. I sold all the furniture I did not want in the room and started fresh. I painted the walls a color that I liked much more than the old one. I bought some curtains that looked nice over the windows in the room. The curtains looked good with the walls too. I also bought a nicer couch with money I had saved up, one that was nice and soft and felt good to sit on. There were also some lamps that looked good on a table in the room that I bought. The last thing I decided to do was hang some art on the wall behind the couch, which made the room look very good. I had finished my renovations. I feed my cats soft food every morning and evening. They have a bowl of dry cat food and fresh water available to them all the time. I buy large packages of soft cat food in the cans at the grocery store and keep a lot of it so I always have it for the cats. When it is time to feed them I get out three clean dishes and open three cans of food. Sometimes the cans have a tab to pull on them and other times I have to use the can opener. After the can is open I put one can of food on each dish and use a fork to mash it up and spread it out. The cats know I am getting their food ready as soon  as I pick up the can so I don't need to call them. They stand beside me and wait until I put their food down for them. I put the dishes of food on the floor and the cats eat. When they are finished I pick up the dishes and wash them so they are ready for next time. I had a big international trip coming up so I decided to carefully plan what I needed beforehand so that I wouldn't be overloaded with luggage. I went through my schedule paying special attention to what I was doing each day. I then made sure I was covered in terms of an outfit for that day, loading them all into the suitcase. Certain meetings required a jacket and tie, so I made sure to bring my suit jacket and several ties. I also included two pairs of dress shoes to go with the more formal outfits. I then set out enough underwear and socks to cover the whole trip and packed those in a separate compartment. I packed my tennis shoes, too, and a pair of casual loafers. I then packed some T-shirts and shorts, as well as my bathing suit. Lastly, I packed all my toiletries like my shaver, my toothbrush, hairbrush, and medications. I was all set for my trip and only needed one suitcase to do it. Once upon a time, it was time for a little girl to eat her breakfast before going to school.  It doesn't really matter what the little girl's name was, but we'll call her Jenny.  The first thing Jenny needed to do to get her breakfast ready was to make orange juice.  Jenny didn't want to go to school, much less make orange juice, so Jenny told her mommy that she had forgotten how to make orange juice.  Jenny's mommy -- we'll call her Mommy -- was not stupid and did not believe Jenny but Mommy decided that this would be a great learning opportunity for both of them so she went along with it.  Mommy took an orange that she had bought at the market just the day before.  Mommy took a sharp knife and very carefully cut the orange into two equal halves.  Then, she gently removed the orange peels from each half.  After that, she opened the electric juicer sitting on the kitchen counter and tossed in both halves of the orange before closing the lid and starting the juicer.  Seconds later, fresh orange juice poured into the little jar at the bottom of the device.  When the machine was finished, Mommy handed the jar to Jenny and said, "Crisis averted.  Go upstairs and get ready for school."  Jenny pouted but drank the fresh orange juice before sullenly going upstairs to get ready for another day of learning.  Jenny was seventeen years old. I waited too long to start working on my report that was due for my class . I was in a hurry , and had to get some research material for the assignment . Sadly , one of the requirements for this report was to have a couple citations from a book instead of other articles that can easily be found on the internet . After an hour of searching for my library card , I found it at last and head out . After I arrived I had to ask the librarian where they kept such books . It was a while since I have been in there . After finding the section . I carefully looked through the books that caught my eye and picked the book that I needed for my report . I walked up to the librarian , and borrowed the book . But not without paying an old book fee I had from a year ago . After I paid , I walked out with the book in hand ready to do some research .  I was having a birthday party and wanted to invite all my family and friends so I had to make invitations. I went to the store to pick out the prettiest invitations I could find. There was so many to chose from I had to narrow down my choice. After I picked out my favorite it was time to fill them out. When I got home I got the list I made of people to invite so I did not forget anyone. I got out my address book and found everyone's address to put on the envelope . After they were collected and wrote down on the invites it was time to get stamps. I got them out of the desk and began filling out the envelopes. After the envelopes were done I put the invitations in them, sealed the envelope, and put a stamp on the right corner.  I mailed out all the invitations and was excited for the party to come. After a long day, I decided that I wanted to make some tea to sit on. I began by getting a boiling pot out of the pantry, and filling it with water from the sink. I placed the pot with water on the stove, and turned the heat on to high. While I allow the water to heat to boiling on the stove, I removed a teabag from the box, unwrapping it's from the foil and preparing it for use. I then selected my cup that I wish to drink my tea from, and placed the prepared teabag inside of the cup. After about five minutes, the water had begun to boil, so I removed the pots from the stove and poured hot water into my cup. I filled the cup with water, allowing the teabag to be submerged in the hot water, and watched as the teabag turned the water into a brownish color. I placed the pots back on the stove, and turned the heat completely off. I then grabbed my cup with one hand, and the papers them of the teabag and began to dock the teabag in a up and down motion while in the water. This encouraged the water to turn darker as more of the flavor and aroma from the teabag became dissolved into the hot water. After performing the up-and-down motion for about a minute, I placed the cup on the table, allowing the bag to sit in the water a little longer, and allow the water to cool off. After about five minutes, I took the teabag out of the water, and put in a spoonful of sugar to sweeten the tea, then I stirred the tea and sugar so that I may begin to drink the tea. It is morning and I just woke up. I am very sleepy and think that some coffee will wake me up. Coffee has caffeine in it, which is good at waking people up and giving them energy. Too much caffeine is bad though and can make you feel nervous. I make sure to only drink coffee every now and then to stay healthy. Coffee is made from pouring hot water on coffee beans, and a coffee maker does this for you. I make sure that the coffee maker has enough water in it, and put coffee beans that have been smashed up into the top. The coffee is easier to make when the beans are smashed up, so people normally smash the beans into grounds. I turn the coffee maker on, and it heats up the water and pours it into the coffee grounds. The water passes through the machine and falls out as coffee into a cup I put at the bottom. My coffee is hot and ready, and smells good. Some years ago , I used my bike to get around town a lot . Of course , came the time when you have to make repairs . I found out a lot about bicycle tires during this time . My tire had a leak so I bought a repair kit . I had no idea how to use it but I did find out . I had to take the whole wheel off the bicycle . Next I pried the tires from the rim and that took some doing . Okay once I got that off I had to take the inner tube out also and I learned that I had to be very careful with the inner tube because I could cause more damage by being rough . Next , I took the inner tube to the gas station to get air since I did n't have a manual air pump . I learned really quickly that I needed to fill the inner tube with care or I would be buying another one since the air fills it quickly and the tube can pop . Once I put a little air in the tube I had to listen as I pressed the air out to determine where the leak was actually at . Once the leak location was identified then I was able to take the tube home and use the glue from the kit and apply the rubber patch . Of course I had to allow the tube to dry and then deflate it to get it back on the bicycle . Once I got it all put back together I walked my bike back to the gas station for air .  Yesterday it was Sunday. We had guests at our house. I had to prepare dinner for them. So I woke up early in the morning. Then I decided what dish I am going to prepare. I wrote down all the ingredients needed for that dish. Then I checked the list to make sure I have all the ingredients. I took out the pen from the closet. I put the pen on the stove. I arranged all the ingredients needed on the shelf while pen was heating up. Then I add some oil in pen and added ingredients of the dish I was preparing. I stirred all the ingredients thoroughly. After the food item was prepared I transfer it from the pen to dinner vessel. then I took that vessel and put it on table. I put dinner mats on table. Everything seemed prepared for dinner, and I was then just waiting for guests to arrive. I just got back from a vacation spending a week at the beach with my son. It was so nice to get away for a while. What is not nice is the amount of laundry I now have to do! The first thing I did was take both of our suitcases down the hall to the laundry room. I dumped out all of our dirty clothes. I sorted into 3 piles- the towels and thick items that don't have any wash restrictions. The second pile was my clothes, which many need to be hung up, but I like to use a strong smelling detergent. The third pile consisted of all of my son's clothes, as well as any delicate items, such as bathing suits that will be washed in a free and clear detergent, as my son has skin allergies. I placed one load into the washing machine, with the appropriate detergent. When it was done, I put the clothes in the dryer or hung those that cannot dry. I added a dryer sheet and started the process over with the next batch. It take time, but sorting it out is the best way to tackle the task. First what i like to do is pick a straight edge knife and sharpen the knife then rinse it and wipe it off to remove loose metal particles. I set the knife on the counter next to the sink and grab my favorite bamboo cutting board and set that on the counter next to the knife. I walk over to the fridge and open the crisper drawer and pull out whatever vegetable I feel like eating; usually a carrot, cucumber or tomato. I rinse the produce off and set it on my bamboo cutting board. I pick up the knife (preferably a santoku) and begin slicing by pushing down and forward and then pulling back while still pressing down. The knife should be held in somewhat of a fist without any fingers extended. I push each slice away from the main piece each time. Once I am down I pick up the cutting board and use the knife to slide the vegetable slices into a dish. So last night, Chris and I decided we wanted to eat out and we wanted Korean this Friday. We immediately logged on the computer and did a search for Korean barbecue. The search engine pulled-up several restaurants including One Table which makes online reservations. There were several listing on the site, so we chose one nearby and had received rave reviews on another site. The restaurant is called Takorea and it's about four miles away. There was link to make our dinner reservations on the site. Great. That makes it very convenient. On the site, you had to first select your restaurant, of course. Then it requested and date, party number and time. There were several options to choose from for time so taking into consideration of traffic and parking, we made our reservation for the two of us on Friday, June 2, at 7:30 pm. The site requested we show up a few minutes early in case the table opens up sooner. I'm really looking forward to going tomorrow. I got promoted at my job, and I wanted to invite my close relatives. I do at home all the time, and i wanted something different this time. I decided this time I will make reservation at dinner, so I will be free of worries to cook and mass. I was very happy with my decision. So I called around for nice restaurants. I was particularly looking for some nice sea food, so that why I narrowed down my list to 3. Then I looked for review of the restaurants, and I found one restaurant called" little island". I went through the menu items, and I Liked all the items that was on buffet that evening.  They recommended lunch buffet for more varieties.  So I decided to go with lunch buffet.  I made reservation for 40 people, between 12pm to 3 pm. They gave me some discount as I told them to use recycled material, and I participated in their volunteering program. I wanted to redo my master bathroom.  The bathroom was old and not up to date.  I looked at a bunch of magazines and different bathrooms to get inspiration on how I wanted my newly renovated bathroom to look.  I decided to do marble counters and ceramic floor tiles.  I also decided to redo the shower with a frameless glass shower door and chrome fixtures.  I then asked friends and family for referrals on contractors.  I contacted three different contractors that my friends referred to me as reliable and got some bids.  The bids were very close in price but different in when they could start and finish.  I picked the person who I thought gave me a realistic time frame on when the work could be done.  The work started and the contractor demolished the existing bathroom but then took over a week to come back and renovate the bathroom.  It took longer than I thought it would but the end result is great.  I love my new bathroom.  It is exactly the way I want it to be. A few weeks ago I had to go visit my family in Wisconsin. Since I live in New York, it is quite a long way to drive, so I had to buy a plane ticket. It is much easier to do so today using the Internet, so I went online and searched for flights from New York to Wisconsin. There are so many flights each day, so it was important to pick one at a good date and time without too long of a layover or stop anywhere. I found a flight that was at a good time, and only had a short stop in Chicago each direction, so I booked that ticket. I was able to choose my seat and pay online, I got a confirmation number and was ready to go. I made sure to get to the airport early enough so that I could print my boarding passes, check my luggage, and get through security. After that I was good to go, and off to see my family. I needed to fly across the country to visit my sick aunt, which meant I needed to take an airplane. In order to get my airplane ticket I had to make a reservation. I did this using my computer. First, I logged onto the website of the airline. Next, I typed in the information about where I needed to go and what day I needed to be there, as well as how long I would be there and what day I would be returning home. The website took all of this information and gave me a price. It was a fair price, so I clicked the "accept" button and entered my credit card information into the form on the website. The website processed the information and gave me a ticket number which I then printed out to take with me to the airport. Finally, I closed the website and turned off my computer so I could start packing for the trip. Last week I went to an art museum.  I got there early in the day so that I would have lots of time to look at everything.  The museum had many kinds of art.  There were paintings and drawings.  There were ceramics.  There were sculptures.  I went to see the paintings first.  There were some paintings by famous artists.  Other paintings were by artists I had never heard of.  I enjoyed the paintings of still life, such as flowers and fruit.  Next I went to see the ceramics display.  Some of the pottery was over 1,000 years old.  The designs on the pottery were detailed and very pretty.  Some of the pieces were brightly colored and others were brown and beige.  Some of the pottery was damaged and pieces were missing. There was some Chinese pottery and it had colorful dragons painted on it.   I enjoyed looking at all of the different styles and designs.  Finally I went to see the sculptures.  I liked the sculptures of horses.  There was a sculpture of a man riding on a horse that I particularly liked.  The man was an Indian and was wearing only pants and a feather in his hair.  He had a fierce expression on his face. It was easy to imagine him riding into battle on his horse.  After visiting the exhibits in the museum for several hours I was tired, so I got in my car and drove home. Before I go grocery shopping I make a list . I actually keep a list going on a magnetic notepad on the fridge and one on my phone whenever I know I am out or low on something . I try to only go once a week unless there is something I really need for a specific meal . I take my electronic list with me to the store , but I often still walk up and down most aisles just browsing for anything new or that I might want to try . I like to keep a rough estimate of how much I am buying by rounding up . So if a can of soup is $ 1.50 I think $ 2 and keep adding that as I shop if I 'm wanting to stay on a specific budget . Once I have all my items in my cart I go to the checkout line that seems to have the least amount of people in it . I do n't like to jump lines if one line seems to be moving faster . Good to have a little bit of patience . I try to remember to bring my bags with me so that I 'm not always getting plastic bags .  I live about an hour outside of the city limits in a quiet, small suburb outside the city. There is an underground rail line that runs from nearby my house and takes me directly to the city where I work. My train typically leaves at 6:43 a.m. so I am sure to arrive at the station at 6:30. I wait amongst all the other people who commute to work and eat some breakfast I had prepared for myself the night before. Once the train arrives, people shuffle on board and find themselves either a bench to sit in, or space in which to stand. The ride takes about an hour with a couple of stops along the way. During the trip, if I am lucky to find a bench, I bring my laptop out and begin my work for the day. If I must stand I typically try to strike up conversation with my neighbor. My wife and I invited some friends over to our flat to watch a television show we all like.  We needed to make the flat clean so that our friends would be comfortable when they came over.  My wife decided to pick up all of the things that were on the floor.  She then passed a vacuum over all of the floor to make sure that they were nice and clean.  I wanted to clean the bathroom, so I went in there with glass cleaner and toilet bowel cleaner to make sure that it was very clean.  I poured the toilet bowel cleaner into the porcelain toilet and scrubbed the inside and outside to ensure that it was clean.  The kitchen was then cleaned by my wife with a rag and a good cleaner.  We straightened up the pillows on the couch as a little finishing touch to our work. Yesterday I decided I wanted to get a newspaper so I could look at the print ads for Father's Day gift ideas. Unfortunately, I had a problem. I don't have a newspaper delivery at home, because I live in a rural area and the newspaper delivery doesn't come to where I live. I decided to get a newspaper, so I drove to the grocery store, where there is a newspaper box that has the daily paper. I went to the newspaper box and realized I didn't have any change; papers from the paper box cost fifty cents. I went into the grocery store and bought some groceries, and when I was paying for my groceries I asked the cashier to give me a dollar's worth of quarters in with my change. I went back outside to the paper box and put two quarters into the box to get my paper. I took the newspaper and drove home to look at the advertisements. I was planning a relaxing vacation at the beach . There was only one problem : I did n't live anywhere near a beach ! Driving to one in a car would take up too much of my fun vacation time . I had to buy tickets for an airplane ride , which would take much less time because airplanes go very fast . I went to the website of my local airport and found the available planes traveling to the city where I wanted to go at the time I was going on vacation and bought a ticket . The planes were ready to fly only at certain times . When it came time to go on my trip , I packed up my suitcases , drove to the airport before my plane was ready to fly , and parked my car . Inside the airport , I had to go through a long line for security , so that they can make sure there are no dangerous items being taken on the plane . The workers looked inside my suitcases with an X-Ray machine and checked the clothing I was wearing to make sure I was safe , too . When I was all done in security , I had to find the gate for my plane , where it would be ready to pick me and other passengers up . When it was time to board the plane , the stewardess helped me find my assigned seat and put my suitcase in the compartment above me . I buckled my seat belt and waited for the plane to take off . When all the passengers were on board , the stewardess explained what to do in an emergency , and the plane began to move . It became very noisy and all of a sudden , outside the window , I could see the ground get farther away . I felt like my body was being pushed against my seat a little bit . After a few minutes , the plane stopped going up and the stewardess told us we could take our seat belts off . She offered us drinks from a cart , and I was able to read a book I brought on the plane . I knew the ride would last a fair amount of time , so I made sure I had something to do . After a few hours , the captain explained on the intercom that we were arriving in the city . He told us to buckle our seat belts again , and the plane gently came closer to the ground . Finally , I felt a bump as the plane arrived at the airport in the new city . My plane ride was over , and my beach vacation was beginning .  I decided to have some friends over for a barbecue. I was going to invite about 15 people so I decided that I needed to purchase about 8 to 10 pounds of meat. I bought chicken legs and pork ribs at the grocery store. I knew that a few people that would be coming do not eat meat so I made sure to have plenty of options. I made baked beans, cole slaw and grilled corn. I also made a Mexican salad that had corn, beans and some tortilla chips in it. There were going to be about 5 children there so I made sure to have games for them to play and I even bought some balloons for a water balloon toss. I told people to bring their bathing suits as well so they could swim. I turned out to be a fun day and everyone really enjoyed themselves. My dishwasher is broken so today I had to wash all of my dishes by hand.  After dinner I put all of the dirty dishes into the sink.  I added a generous amount of soap and I let the dishes soak for about a half an hour.  After the dishes had soaked I picked up my dish scrubber and began washing all the dishes, glasses and silverware one by one.  Once each piece was clean I put them into a drying rack until I finished all of the dishes.  Once I had completed washing all of the dishes I went to the pantry and picked up a clean dishtowel for drying the dishes.  I dried each dish, glass, and every piece of silverware and put them back in the drying rack.  Once every piece was dry I put all of the dishes away in the proper cabinets in my kitchen. The last time that I made a dinner reservation, it was to a nice restaurant in town that was always busy. With the expectation that it would be busy on a Saturday night, I made the reservation in advance and when I came to the restaurant I received my seat quickly. On the phone, I had to give the time, as well as my name and amount of people in my party. Upon arriving at the restaurant, there was already a seat ready and we got seated quickly. Many people were waiting outside and I was so thankful that I made a reservation. I called and made the reservation, but I also realized that if I was interested, I could have made  the reservation online and it would have showed me my place in line. This was a good experience and I felt like I saved a lot of time that I would have spend waiting for a table. Today, me and my friends decided  to take a trip to the spa. We wanted to relax in the sauna, so we got changed into our swimsuits and went into the small room. We spread out on the long benches beside the pit with burning hot rocks. We all took turns spooning water out of the bucket onto the stones to get the steam flowing; we let the heat wash over us, open up our pores and seep into our muscles. It was fun sitting with my friends enjoying the steam, I even stretched out on the bench and it made the whole experience even better. After an hour of soaking up the hot vapors we decided it was long enough; so we gathered our towels and went to cool off with a cold shower. It was a great way to spend a day and I can't wait to do it again. I woke up this morning alert and ready.  Before doing anything else, I knew I had to make my bed.  My mother hates when my bed is a mess.  I think it looks tidier when it's made too!  I threw all the pillows off of my bed onto the floor to get them out of the way.  Then I took the sheet and pulled it up to the head of the bed.  I walked around to the other side, making sure it was all even.  After the sheets were fixed, I did the same thing with the comforter.  I made sure everything was nice and wrinkle free.  That's when I put the pillows back on the bed.  I arranged them neatly, one on top of the other.  The open part of the pillowcase was put facing the wall, because that looks cleaner to me.  After that I was done and went to get my clothes. I had a craving for eggs the other morning, so I decided to make an omelette.  First, I got out 2 eggs and cracked them into a bowl.  I sprinkled a little salt and pepper into the eggs.  Next, I sprayed a small frying pan with cooking spray and started it heating on the stove while I beat the eggs with a whisk.  When the pan was hot, I turned down the heat and poured in my eggs.  I lifted the pan slightly and swirled the eggs around until they covered the bottom, then I set the pan down and let the eggs cook slowly.  While they cooked, I got out some cheese, ham, chopped onion, and chopped green peppers.  When the eggs looked fairly well set on top, I placed the cheese, ham, and vegetables on top.  Then, with a spatula, I carefully folded the omelette in half covering the fillings.  I put a lid on the pan and let it heat a little longer until the cheese was melted.  Then I ate my omelette! I wake up at about noon. I can't believe I missed my alarm clock again. I need to be at my sister's office in 20 minutes. Put on clothes as fast as I can and run outside and call an uber. An uber driver was fortunately just a few blocks away and snags me, so it appears that things are going well so far. I get into his car and am sweating and visibly stresses. The cab driver, a man named Marcus, asks how I am doing in a very down to Earth way. I let him know I am fine and was just in a rush. As I finish my sentence I hear a man on his radio say "You just got to relax." Marcus was playing some peaceful reggae music, and just hearing that line was enough for me to do that. I relaxed, and was soon at my destination a couple minutes early I need to get Audrey a birthday present and I don't really have time to go to the store and look for something. Plus I need to factor in time to ship it to her in Austin. I decide I'm going to shop online and find something special for her. I want to get her this special sketchbook since I know she likes to draw. I do a search online and find several options. I check them on decide on the website which offers the best deal on the sketchbook with free shipping. They will also gift wrap and send a message in my package. I select the item and head to the cart by selecting the shopping cart icon. There I am directed to fill out all my personal and billing information, destination information and finally my note to Audrey. The website takes me to a review page and I check all the information one more time before submitting my order. That's it I'm done. Over the last year, it happened on several occasions where an aunt of mine wasn't able to secure a babysitter for her month old son, so she would ask me if I was willing to watch him while she went to work. Seeing it as a good opportunity to gain some experience in caring for a baby, I would accept. Turns out that it was not that easy. My baby cousin is awfully loud and cries a lot. Thankfully, my aunt told me of a trick that works to calm him down and get him to nap. Also going off of what she told me, I would feed him at specific times. However, he liked to make a mess with the baby food, so it was a bit of a hassle. Then there were the times I needed to change his diaper. With my mom's help, I was able to clean him up good and put on a new diaper. Katie and Jesse from next door came over and left an invitation to have a barbecue pitch in at their house. As, we packed the kids up, I made some potato salad while I waited for them to fight and argue, and finally put their shoes and jackets on so we could leave. "Kevin,: I yelled as I got to the front door, "Don't forget to bring the big cooler over in the car when you get up and around. My husband Kevin had just had surgery on his back, and it took him a lot longer to get up and around. He definitely couldn't make the quarter of a mile trek down to Katie and Jesse's. Though, I was pretty sure he liked going to the parties the neighbors threw even more that the kids did. "I called over to Katie, and she said that they have all the meat there already, so no need for you to drag yourself off to the grocery. Just rest, and I'll see you there. I love you. I'll save you a cheeseburger," I teased as I kissed him goodbye. He grinned at me and beeped my nose, "I love you Sally Jean,: He said with an exaggerated southern drawl. He then turned and gave our four young boys the evil eye, "I expect you to be good and eat lots of hamburgers and hot dogs at the barbecue." They all nodded in unison and screamed, "Hamburgers!" like wild Indians. I love going to eat others peoples food, and let my kids make a mess somewhere that I don't have to clean it up. To clean up toys, I would first make sure that I have all of the different packages or boxes that the toys came from. I would collect all of the toys that are on the floor and sort them into different piles. For example, I would put all of the Legos in one pile, dolls in one pile, toy cars in one pile, and games in one pile. I would then put the Legos into the box or container that they came in. I would do the same with the other toys and then I would gather all the the toys that I had put back in their original boxes and I would put then into one big toy box. There might be a few toys that I would not put away, like a special doll that my child might want to have with her throughout the day or take to bed with her at night. When I was getting ready to have a job, I wanted to have my face look good so I went shopping online for a shaver.  I opened up my computer and looked up where to buy a good shaver for my face.  In the page I looked at, I found that I could buy them from a lot of different places.  I picked the one that looked really good to me.  I looked at how much it would cost and how long it would take to get to my house.  When I decided on a shaver, I decided that I would pay for it now and have it come to my house.  I put in my information to pay for the shaver and they told me they would send it to me in the mail.  After about a couple of days, the shaver came to my house in the mail. This past Monday, my family had a small party at my house. One of the main foods that we had to eat were hot dogs. My cousins were the ones who had the idea to eat hot dogs, so they took them over to the house to make. My dad was using our barbecue grill to do all of the cooking, so that's how he cooked the hot dogs. After letting them cook for the amount of time that they needed to, my dad gave the cooked hot dogs to my aunt to prepare them. She put each individual hot dog in a bun and added ketchup, mustard, cheese, and onions. For anyone that wanted it, she also added some of her homemade chili instead of the ketchup and mustard. Everyone at the party seemed to really enjoy the hot dogs, and so did I. Now we know to have hot dogs at any parties we do next time. Last week when I took a trip into the city I had to ride on the underground to get from one place to another. There are stations all around the city, so I had to find the one that was closest to my destination so I wouldn't have to walk too far after I got off. When I got to the station, I walked down the stairs that led into the underground and went over to the kiosk so I could pay my fee. After I paid my fee I took the ticket and went through the turnstile towards the train. I had to wait with a group of people for the train to arrive, but it didn't take very long. When the train got to my station the doors slowly slid open and everyone walked inside. We found our seats and waited patiently for the train to start moving. I didn't take long. Soon, a nice voice came over the intercom announcing my destination was the next stop, so I stood up and waited to exit the train. My sons and I were invited by their grandmother to come for a visit . We decided to fly across the country . We went to the airport and purchased plane tickets . Then we went home and packed our suitcases . The next day we took a cab to the airport and hour early . We went to the airlines check in area an waited in line to show our tickets , get our seat assignments and check out bags . The we headed upstairs to the airplane gate . There were many people flying on this plane and the waiting room was crowded . Then the plane pulled in next to the gate and the flight attendant started calling people over to board the plane . We were near last to get on the plane . Once on the plane we found our seats and sat down . After the plane took off the stewardess did a demonstration about how to use the emergency exits . Then we sat back and flew all the way to Reno , NV where we were picked up from the airport by grandma .  I love to play with my friends, and we play with all sorts of fun and cool toys and games.  When my friends and I are finished playing, we know it is time to clean up our toys.  We all work together to help, and put all the toys back in their boxes, and then we put the boxes away on the proper shelves.  It is important to take good care of our belongings, so we can play with them again another day.  It is important to make sure all the pieces are found, and put back in the right boxes.  It is no fun when someone wants to do a puzzle, and there are pieces missing, or when we want to play a game, but the cards or dice are not in the box!  Taking care of our things, and tidying up after we finish using them, shows that we care about our belongings. This morning I went to my mother to supermarket, to do some shopping for the week, being in the supermarket suddenly remember; That my fish had run out of food for fish, I told my mom and she bought the food for my fish, we first looked for it inside the supermarket, after getting it, we went through the cashier to pay for the food, after paying The food we went to my house, the moment we arrived at the house, I told my mother to let me feed the fish, she told me that if I could feed him, he gave me the container with food and taught me how to give it Eat my fish, first remove the container from the box, I uncover the container that contained the fish food, then with the help of a spoon in the amount I had to give my fish, my mother told me that with three tablespoons of Food was sufficient, paying attention to my mother, take three tablespoons of fish food and throw them into the fish tank, after having thrown my fish was fed with great pleasure and certainly satisfied. One day Courtney was going to the tennis court to play a friendly game with her best friend Vivian. When they got there they got out their tennis balls and tennis rackets, they performed a simple warm up routine by hitting the ball back and fourth. Then the competition really had started to begin Vivian tossed an overhand throw towards Courtney. That really made Courtney mad so she decided it was time to pull out a secret move that she had been working on called: The Mega sword death punch as soon as Courtney had performed that moved on Vivian she could feel the heat coming at her and he knew that she had to get out out of the way of the ball. when Vivian opened her eyes, she could see the ball and her entire side of the tennis court up in flames! Vivian thought it was best for her to go home and wait for Courtney to call her from there. Courtney was left to clean up the mess, but she didn't think twice. She called an uber and went home. She went straight to bed and dint call Vivian again. Sheila walked in the front door of her home. She was all dirty. Sheila said,"I'm going to take a shower now." when Sheila opened the bathroom door she took her clothes off and put them in the hamper. Then she unlocked her iPhone and started to play her "shower" playlist. The playlist had songs like, Witness by Katy Perry, and One dance by drake. When the music started playing Sheila opened the shower curtains and turned on the water. She waited for the water to heat up. Once the water was warm enough for Sheila to take her shower she jumped in and closed the curtains. she sang along to her music and washed her body. Then Sheila was done with her shower, she walked over to the closet and grabbed a towel to dry off with. When Sheila was done. she tooter her iPhone and stopped the music. then she went to her room and got ready for bed. When I woke up this morning, I really wanted to eat some toast.  I walked into my kitchen and made sure that my toaster was plugged into the wall.  Then, I got out a loaf of bread and took out two pieces.  I put each piece into one half of the toaster in the little slots.  I didn't want my bread to be too burnt, so I turned down the setting so it wasn't going to be in the toaster for so long.  I pushed the lever down and the bread started to cook in the toaster.  While it was cooking, I got out some butter and a knife so I could put that on the toast.  When the toast was finished, the pieces popped outside of the toaster, ready to pull out.  I pulled them out and put them on a plate and put butter on both of the pieces. I started talking to this girl on Facebook, she was part of a meme group I belonged to. I found out that she lived in the same state as me only an hours drive away. We had a lot in common and she was definitely flirting with me and I flirted back. I eventually worked up the courage to ask her on a date,  I don't know why I was so nervous (I knew she'd say yes.) I asked what kind of food she liked and she said sushi or Chinese. I was happy because that is also my favorite type of food. we set the date for the following Wednesday, we chose Wednesday because restaurants tend to be less crowded on a Wednesday after noon, and she has social anxiety. Wednesday came and I got up early and did my daily routine. I showered and dressed in my best casual yet classy clothing, put on my favorite cologne and made sure I had my phone, keys and wallet with cards inside. I called her to let her know I was on my way and would be there around 11 a.m. She was super happy sounding and said she'd be ready. I arrived and knocked on the door and was greeted by her in a beautiful and elegant sundress that made her bright green eyes and auburn hair pop. She was amazing. At the restaurant we were both very quiet, but smiled a lot at each other while stuffing out faces with freshly made sushi and egg rolls. I paid for us both and she offered to leave the tip. The baby was in the crib and started to cry. She was crying a lot.   I had just fed the baby, so I didn't know what was wrong.  Why would she be crying?  Then, by the smell, I realized that the baby needed a diaper change.  So I went to the baby, and I slowly took the baby to the changing table. I lied the baby down and took off the baby's pants and took off the old diaper.  Then I got a wipe, and wiped the baby, making sure it was clean.  I then got the powder, and powdered the baby's butt.  After that, I grabbed a diaper from the bag and I put on a fresh clean diaper on the baby.  Then I put on the baby's pants and clothes on and the baby was now happy.  The baby stopped crying and was now finally comfortable.  I then put the baby back in the crib to sleep. It was my one of my roommate's birthdays, and the rest of my friends that I live with and I decided to throw him a surprise party. First, we figured out where my roommate would be while we were decorating our house for the party so that he wouldn't know anything was going on. We decided to decorate everything while he was at work so he wouldn't see. Then, we planned what kinds of activities we wanted to have at the party. We decided to get a piata, some fun water balloon games for our backyard, and of course, a big cake for everyone to share. On the big day, we decorated our house and once my roommate got there, everyone hid in their places to jump out and surprise him. We yelled "surprise!" and my roommate was so shocked! He was really happy that we had thought of him on his birthday and he loved everything we had planned for his party. It was a great day for everyone. There aren't many inexpensive things to do in Seattle -- and that's especially true if you're a student. Finally, I found something online: a cheap trip to an art museum. I couldn't book online, but I made a note to go in on Sunday. When Sunday came around, I waited in a short line behind a few other people. I paid for my ticket without hassle. Once everyone had their tickets, a guide met us and led the group through the museum. I saw lots of exhibits: paintings, sculptures, pottery, and more. The group eventually split up and I explored the museum on my own. There was so much to see in the museum. Even if I'd stayed all day, there was no way I could have seen all of it. At the end of my trip, I went to the souvenir store and bought myself a few trinkets. It was great! For dinner tonight I decided to cook pasta. I entered my kitchen and grabbed a pot from under the stove. I filled the pot to the brim with water and placed the pot on the stove. I turned the heat on high so that the water would boil. While I was waiting for the water to boil I entered my pantry and chose the type of pasta I would be making. I had various choices such as spaghetti, penne, angel hair and elbow macaroni. I decided on penne. Approximately twenty minutes after I placed the water to boil on the stove the water was at a rolling boil which is perfect for cooking pasta. I turned the heat down on the stove to medium. I grabbed an empty bowl from my cupboard and filled it with penne pasta so I had one serving. I dumped the bowl of pasta in the water. After doing this I added a pinch of salt because it gives the pasta flavor. I took a wooden spoon and stirred the pasta occasionally. After about fifteen minutes I took my wooden spoon and tried the texture of the pasta to ensure it was filly cooked and tender. It was so I grabbed a strainer under my cupboard and placed it in the sink. I took the pasta off the stove and dumped it into the strainer. I bounced the strainer up and down to make sure there wasn't an excess of water. Once there was no more water I put the pasta into a bowl and chose my sauce. I enjoyed my pasta. Last weekend I invited a bunch of my friends over to my house for a barbecue that started around 4 in the afternoon. I was going to cook some chicken and steaks that I had for whoever wanted them, but my friends were also going to bring some of their own food to cook as well. My barbecue grill is in my backyard. Before cooking I put several pieces of hickory wood at the bottom of the grill with some small sticks and paper to get the pieces of wood burning. A few minutes after catching fire the flames went out but the wood turned white and stayed really hot. That's when I knew its was time to start cooking the meat. Throughout the day me and my friends would keep putting food on and off the grill for whoever was hungry while everyone else was either hanging around outside or staying inside to stay out of the heat. I had about 15 people at my house and the last people didn't leave until late in the evening. It was my first barbecue of the summer and I can't wait to do it again. My friend and I left our hotel early, about 6:30. The walk took about fifteen minutes to the station. We had to walk down a long flight of stairs down to the station. We took out our automatic payment cards, walked up to the barrier, and swiped them across the electronic reader. The barrier opened to let us in. We walked up to the map that shows how the different train lines run. We confirmed that we would have to change trains halfway there. We looked at the signs to locate the platform we needed, and walked down another flight of steps to catch our train. We waited on the platform at a safe distance until the train came roaring in. After it came to a stop and the other passengers got off, we entered the train. It was mostly empty and we were able to find seats. At the third stop we got off and quickly walked up another flight of steps to locate the platform for the next train. In two minutes our next train arrived and we got on. This train was crowded and we had to stand. Four stops later we arrived at our destination. We left the train and walked towards the exit.  We passed another set of barriers and swiped our cards again, and then took an escalator up out of the underground to the street. When you eat breakfast, lunch or dinner at home you will find afterwards the plate you used is dirty. So we need make the plate new and shiny again so someone else can use it and it is clean. We take our plate to the sink. We need to fill one side of the sink with warm water. We then will add a little bit of soap. The soap is a special soap just for washing dishes and is usually right by the sink in a big plastic bottle. We will squeeze the bottle and add two or three drops of soap. After the water is warm and soapy we can take our dirty plate and dip it in the water. We will wet a cloth with the warm water and rub the plate until it is clean. We then will turn the faucet on on the other side of the sink and rinse the plate under clean water. When we are all finished we will take a dry towel and dry the dish until it is no longer wet. We then have a clean dish! Last night we had some special guests for dinner. I and my brother helped our mother to set the dining table. First we cleaned the table well. Then we spread a clean table cloth and put an attractive flower vase in the middle. We arranged the vase with fresh, beautiful flowers. Now comes the arrangement of plates. We placed dinner plates, small plates and glasses for drinks for each chair count. Then we arranged spoons on the left hand side and forks on the right hand side of the plates. Then we neatly folded dining napkins and kept near each plate. A stand filled with extra spoons and forks was also kept in the middle of the table. A separate stand with tissue papers were also placed. We sprayed mild air freshner under the table so that our guests could get good fragrance during the dinner time. Our dining dining able is perfectly ready for dinner. I was in my house having a rich pasta, I lifted my glass of water, it slipped and fell on the floor, the water spread quickly, I finished my lunch and got up immediately look for a bucket and a mop, Clean the floor, I noticed that the floor of my house was very dirty, I dry the water then look around and start to mop, collected lots of dirt and dust, then put water in the bucket and some disinfectant, with the help Of the mop and a cloth, I began to mop the whole floor, after a few minutes my house was clean and with a pleasant smell of cherry, I applied a little wax to the floor and I was very bright, After a few minutes the wax dry and I use a polisher, I love to see my super shiny floor, makes me very happy, my House was sparkling and super clean. Washing clothes is a frequent activity that used to be done by hand but now can be done using washing machines and dryers. Some people with lots of children wash clothes everyday. To wash clothes you need to gather all the dirty clothes and use a laundry machine. Some people have laundry machines at home and some people need to go to a wash house to use laundry machines. The wash houses have all different size machines and some take coins and other wash houses take cards. To wash the clothes you have to separate by color so that all the white clothes are together and all the colored clothing is together. Also if you have sheets and towels you want to wash those separately. When you find a machine that is the right size for the clothes you need to wash you add the clothes and then follow the directions to see how much laundry soap you add. Some people use liquid laundry soap and some people use powder laundry soap. You can even do a mixture or combination but make sure to use the right amount. After adding the clothes and the soap you pay for the machine and wait 30 minutes to 1 hour for the clothes to wash. After the clothes are washed you still need to put them in a dryer unless they are delicate clothes that are not supposed to go into the dryer because they might shrink. You take the clothes and put them in the dryer but make sure not to put anything that might shrink. For the delicate clothes you hang them to dry. After you put all your clothes into the dryers it is time to fold the laundry! This is important so the laundry will be nice and neat and not wrinkled. If you have long pants or nice shirts you can put them on hangers instead of folding. I woke up early yesterday morning.  I decided to make breakfast for the family.  First I opened the fridge to see what we had.  We had bacon and we had eggs, so I took them out and placed them on the counter.  I took some bread out of the freezer.  I pulled a pan from beneath the oven.  I placed it on the front burner.  I turned the burner on to medium.  I added 8 strips of bacon.  I let the bacon cook on one side, and then I flipped the bacon.  I allowed it to cook on the other side, and then I removed it.  I placed the bacon on paper towels so it would drain.  I then poured some of the bacon grease from the pan into a aluminum can.  I heated the pan back up, and added the eggs.  I let the eggs cook on one side until the whites were no longer runny.  I placed the eggs and bacon and bread on a plate and served it to my wife. My son needed his diaper changed just a few hours ago. I noticed that his diaper had a distinct smell and felt full, so I carried him back to his changing table. I laid out a disposable diaper in his size and baby wipes. I took off his shorts and his dirty diaper, using it to clean up some of the mess from his bottom. I folded it over so that the outside that was clean was underneath him. I then used the wipes to clean up any mess that was leftover on his bottom. Once he was adequately clean, I grabbed a new diaper and slipped the back under his bottom. I made sure to talk to him throughout the entire process, and gave him a rattle to play with so that he was distracted. I pulled the tabs on the sides of his diaper across the front and secured them around his waist. I put his shorts back on, picked him up, and threw away the dirty diaper. He felt much better and was ready to play afterwards. Yesterday I needed to get across town for a meeting. I stepped outside my apartment and walked to the curb. I signaled to an oncoming yellow taxi that I needed a ride by sticking out my arm and waving. A taxi driver soon stopped there at the curb and picked me up. I opened the back door and climbed into the backseat. After climbing in and shutting the door, I gave him the address to where my meeting was taking place. The taxi driver then drove me to the address I had given him and made some small talk about the weather. When we arrived at my destination, I thanked him, and he told me how much the fare was. I gave him some money, and he gave me change because I gave him more than was needed. I then exited the vehicle and closed the door and headed to my meeting. On some days, when I'm feeling lazy, I'll load up the dishwasher instead of actually doing the dishes myself. I use whatever dishwashing pods or liquid we have at the house to put inside the dishwasher, and I'll set whichever load to wash depending on how much dirty dishes there are. The actual dishwashing process takes some time, so I'll wait around the house while the machine finishes up. After it's done, I'll open it up and pull both racks of dishes out to dry. Once they're done drying, I'll still go over each of them with a paper towel just to make sure that I got any wet spots left behind. Then, when I knew the dishes were completely dry, I would start to put them away. I'd put the silverware in it's drawer, all the plates, cups, and bowls in their rightful cabinets, and all of the pots and pans in their cabinets. Five o' clock is here! It is time to make dinner. We get out the lettuce and tomatoes from the little drawer in the fridge. Then we chop them up into little pieces. Mother gets red meat out of the fridge and puts it in the frying pan. Then she sprinkles spices onto the meat and I hear it sizzle. Sometimes I eat a tomato when mother isn't looking. Next we get out the cheese and grate little pieces off of the big block with a metal thing. When the meat is all done we put it into a bowl. Then we get out the taco shells and put them on the table. Once everything is all chopped up, we take it to the table and call my Dad and sister to eat. "It smells great!" my dad says. My sister doesn't like tacos, but I love taco night! Tacos are my favorite dinner. My sister recently came to visit in New York. Since she loves hot dogs, I decided to treat her to some homemade hot dogs. We went shopping at the  supermarket for the  ingredients. When we got back, it was about noon so we got into the kitchen to prepare the lunch. We had brought some meat , paprika garlic and some celery. After frying the  celery, we mixed it with the paprika and garlic and used it to add flavor to the meat. I stuffed meat into the casings while my sister cut the buns. We then set the sausages to cook in the oven for about thirty minutes. We sat recounting how our mother used to teach us how to cook when we were younger and how she always corrected us when we were wrong. After the sausages were cooked , we put them between the buns. Such a delicious lunch. I planned to go to the shopping centre all week. Finally it was shopping day. I dressed comfortably, made my shopping list and grabbed my purse.  On my walk to the shopping centre  I thought about all the things I would buy. Most of the things on my list were items I needed. A tooth brush, some bread, pencils, socks. I had clipped some coupons and knew I would save a few dollars so that I could get that new game I like. I couldn't wait to see it on the shelf and actually hold it in my hands. I arrived at the shopping centre. It wasn't very busy and I was glad of that. First I did all of my important shopping. And sure enough I had enough money for the game. I rushed to the electronics section and sunk in despair when I saw the shelf was empty. They were sold out of the game I had waited so long to play. The store clerk saw my disappointment and offered me a rain check for when they got more stock in. It would be about 2 weeks' but there was hope. I gathered my things and went home. I marked my calendar for when my next trip to the shopping centre would be... in two weeks. Now all I could do was wait... patiently of course! I was getting really nervous.  My best friend had set me up on a blind date.  I got to the restaurant early so that I could see her walk through the door.  My hands were getting sweaty and I anxiously watched as someone else walked in.  Was it her?  The young woman looked at me and smiled.  She walked my way and called out my name.  I smiled back, relieved that the worst part might be over.  At least she looked like a friendly girl.  We ordered food and talked to each other as we ate.  She and I really had a lot in common!  After dinner, I walked her to her apartment and she gave me her phone number and a good night kiss.  I was so happy!  I wondered how I could have ever been worried when this was absolutely the best date I had ever had in my life! Last week, was my son's birthday, his name is Jamie. I planned a surprise party for him. I put up balloons and made a cake. The quest arrived at noon, many of them brought gifts. I wanted to get pictures of everyone. I got my camera out and asked everyone to gather together for a group photo. They stood very still with smiles on their faces. I brought the camera up to my face, looked through the view hole, and made sure I got everyone in the picture. I pushed the snapshot button and took the pictures. I took a couple of pictures of Jamie when he walked in and everyone yelled surprise. We ate cake and had a good time, then everyone went home. I took the film to the store and they printed out the pictures. I paid for the pictures and left the store. Now, Jamie will always have the pictures of his birthday surprise party. During the summers off I like to go to the beach on my days off.  I will start early in the morning and pack the car with a cooler with drinks and sandwiches, chairs, towels and an umbrella.  I'll drive to the beach and park as close as I can.  Gathering everything up I'll carry it across the sand till I find a nice spot down by the water.  Then ill set up my chair and umbrella, making sure to drive it deep into the sand so it doesn't blow away.  I'll make sure to put on sunscreen before I settle in my chair to sunbath for a while.  And when I am sweating and hot I'll run into the water and swim around to cool off.  While I dry off I'll have a sandwich and something to drink.  I like to listen to the waves crashing and the seagulls. I'll hang out and sun and swim until late in the afternoon before I go home.  Then Ill have to pack everything up, walk across the hot sand and back to my car.  I'll make sure to knock the sand off all my stuff before packing my car and driving home. Ah, tomorrow was the first day of our vacation on the coast. It was time to prepare and get everything together that I would need for the week. I opened up the drawers in my dresser, first pulling out a couple pairs of shorts and one pair of jeans. Then I grabbed some T-shits and one sweatshirt in case it got cold at night. Lastly I got out my socks, underwear, and swim trunks. I got the suitcase out of the closet and unzipped it. In the main compartment I put the pants and shirts I had gotten out. I pressed these down so that everything fit nicely. In the smaller compartment I put the remainder of my clothes. I gathered up my toothbrush, toothpaste, hairbrush and other necessities from the bathroom and put them in a small zippered bag, I then placed this bag in the suitcase. Then i zipped up the suitcase. I'm craving some Hawaiian pizza because pineapple is the best pizza topping and it certainly does belong on pizza. I call up my favorite pizza place which is a general store downtown (I have the number memorized) and let them know I want a large fresh dough Hawaiian pizza with bacon and EXTRA pineapple. The lady on the phone tells me it will be ready in approximately 30 minutes, I thank her and hangup the phone. I make sure to note the time and I leave in about ten minutes even though it only takes seven minutes to drive there. I want to browse the store and buy some chips and soda too. While I'm looking at soda I see my favorite key lime pie flavored soda, it's expensive, but I don't care, because I deserve it. Before the full thirty minutes has passed I see the kitchen staff slide a large pizza box onto the counter clearly labeled "Hawaiian" I make my way to the counter with my chips and soda and proceed to pay the cashier using my debit card. I thank him and he tells me to "have a nice day" I respond with; "I will now!" and "thank you sir" I also turn to the lady who made my pizza and thank her too. When I was a freshman in high school we each had the opportunity to buy an inexpensive tree as part of the Arbor Day holiday . Part of the proceeds for the purchase were going to plant more trees in town . The tree I had was some kind of evergreen tree and I planned to plant it in the front yard . I asked my Dad where it 'd be best to plant it and we picked a spot where there were some flowers , but no trees . In order to plant it I read the instructions that came with the tree and started by digging a hole that was about twice the size of the root ball of the tree . It was a small tree so this was not a big hole . I then tried to make the hole a good shape before putting in some moss and fill dirt . I watered the tree that day and made sure to water it each day for about a week until we had a good rain . The tree grew and became quite large . The one thing I did n't realize is that I should have planned better for how big the tree was going to get because it ended up shadowing over the flower planters a bit .  Nobody takes taxis anymore because of Lyft and Uber. Even though lyft and uber are unregulated and probably bad for the economy, drivers, and passengers, they are just so darn convenient. If you take a cab you have to call the cab company and let them know where you want to be picked up. They then send a driver to you. They're supposed to have credit card machines in the cab but often they don't. This means you need to have cash with you. For the fare as well as a tip. So I call a cab and I ask it to take me to the French Quarter. The cab driver says okay and takes the longest route possible so he gets more money. We make inane small talk as he drives until it gets too awkward and then we sit in silence. When we arrive at the destination I overpay him for the ride. Flying in an airplane is necessary to travel to far away destinations that are not easily accessible by other modes of transportation . Last summer , I had a girls trip to the Carribean . We had to plan our trip including booking airplane tickets and booking hotels . We booked our airplane tickets online a few months before to get the best fare . We arrive at the airport a few hours beforehand for an international flight . We all pack lightly with one piece of luggage . After waiting at the airport for a while , we boarded our plane . The flight attendants and crew are friendly . We find out seats and try to as comfortable in the cramped seating of a packed flight full of passengers . We try to relax , buckle up for a four hour flight . During the four hour flight , we can sleep on watch TV or listen to music . And the crew will come around with drinks and snacks . After a necessary flight , we arrive at our destination safely . I was ready to eat.  I was going to sautee some veggies for dinner.  First, I got the vegetables all together.  I grabbed an onion, a bell pepper, some celery and some carrots.  I brought all the veggies to the cutting board on the counter.  I walked over and grabbed my sharpest knife out of the drawer.  I went back to the cutting board and held the onion to the board.  I cut the top and bottom off of the onion and sliced the skin off.  Then I threw those away.  After that, I took the onion and cut it in half.  I started to chop the onion into pieces.  I did the same with the bell pepper.  The carrots and celery were much easier.  I only had to chop little chunks off the ends as I slid the vegetable down the board.  Once all of them were chopped, I threw them in the pot. We are going on a vacation, and I will need to pack some clothes and any other things I will need. I went to the garage, where we keep the suitcases. I picked out one that was the right size for the trip I will take. Not too big, but not too small. Once I had it I brought it back to my room. I needed to bring the right clothes for the weather as well as the activities I would do. I also needed to pack things I need if the weather changes. I folded up several sweaters, as small as I could, as well as a few pairs of pants. I folded my tee shirts and paired my socks. Once I had it all folded and ready, I placed the clothes in the suitcase. I doubled check to make sure it would all fit well. I also packed my tooth and hairbrush on the outside pockets. My friend Thomas was going out of town and asked if I could feed his fish. I said I would of course. Getting into his building was more the challenge. I had to sign in with the front desk, designate my parking place and give my license plate before the door man would let me in the building. I cross the lobby and head upstairs. As I enter the apartment, I see the fish tank. They look happy and very active. The sun is shining in through a window across the room and there is a table next to the tank with a container of fish food. I read the container to make sure I understand the instruction. Thomas said to give the fish two nice size pinches of food. You can't give them too much or it will sink and make the water murky. I try to get just the right amount. The fish get really active when they notice food and immediately start eating. Fish are so easy. When I arrived home from school, my mother told me that the living room was very messy and had many toys on the floor.  Even though my brother made some of the mess, I decided to pick up the toys because I like to feel helpful and I know my mom likes it when the house looks good.  I walked around the room, picking up toys. I tried to pick up a couple similar ones at a time, because I would have to put them in the same place.  I picked up all the LEGO pieces off the floor.  I had started building a spaceship but had not had time to finish.  I put all the pieces together in a bag so that they would be together when I wanted to finish building the spaceship.  I put my brother's action figures back up on the shelf where they belonged.  My mom said I could have a popsicle for doing a good job. I noticed that my alarm clock was not working. The numbers were not showing up on the screen. So I knew it was time to change the batteries. First, I checked to see what kind of batteries it used. It uses one 9 volt battery. Next, I checked to see if I had any 9 volt batteries in the house. I did not, so I knew I had to go to the store. I walked to the store and bought a pack of 9 volt batteries, and returned home. Then, I went to the alarm clock and opened the battery compartment. I took out the old battery and threw it away. Then I took a new battery out of the pack I just bought. I put it in the battery compartment and closed the compartment. Then I checked to see if the numbers were lit up. Then it was time to set the time. I checked my watch for the correct time and pushed the buttons to make the alarm clock the right time. Finally, I set the alarm time to the time I usually wake up and set the alarm for the next day. Before I go to bed at night I like to take a shower.  I will go in and turn on the hot water and while its heating up I will put down a bathmat outside the tub and get my towels.  I will use my hand to check the temperature, and turn on the cold water and to keep the water from getting to hot.  Once its a good temperature I take off my clothes and get in.  I stick my head under the water and get my hair wet and then wash it first with shampoo and then I use the conditioner.  Once I rinse the conditioner out, I was my face with a special face wash.  I like ones that smell like coconut.  I also use a coconut soap for my body and I wash myself down to my toes.  I'll then stand under the water for a few minutes till all the soap has rinsed out, and also cause it feels good.  I keep a waterproof clock in my shower so I don't waste to much hot water standing there for too long so I'll get out after 10 minutes.  I'll stand in the shower and towel off and go get ready for bed. Last night, me and my boyfriend decided that we wanted to go see Superman at the B&B theater. When we arrived, we noticed that there were so many cars in the parking lot and there was a long line at the door to purchase movie tickets. After driving around for 5 minutes, we finally found a parking spot right. When we got to the line, we waited another 10 minutes to get our tickets. Since the Superman movie was in 3D we had to pay extra for our movie tickets. As we were walking to hand in our tickets to the ticket taker, he handed us our 3D glasses to use during the show. Before we walked into our theater, we ordered popcorn, a box of candy, and a large Pepsi. We had to sit in the front row since it was so crowded. After the movie was over, we threw away our 3D glasses into the recycle bin and headed home. One afternoon I was feeling thirsty and decided to make myself a pot of tea. I grabbed my tea kettle and dumped out all the water that was sitting in there and replaced it with fresh cool water. I placed the full kettle on the stove and turned on the burner to the highest setting to boil the water. While the kettle was warming I took out my teas and tea pot. I decided to have green tea that day, and scooped about 5 teaspoons of tea into the pot. Once the kettle was steaming, I turned off the stove and let it cool down a little. I poured the water in the pot and replaced the lid of the pot. When the tea was done steeping, I poured myself a cup into a tea cup that I had warmed up with some of the excess hot water. I poured in some sugar with a spoon and gave it a stir. Then I enjoyed my tea when it was cool enough to drink. I hear the baby is crying, so he must be ready for a bottle.  Very carefully I put my hands under the baby, being mindful to support his neck  with one hand so his head doesn't wobble around. I hold the baby close to me, wrapping his blanket around him and cradle him in my arms.  I speak softly to the baby, I make sure his formula is not too warm and not too cold before I feed it to him.  I test the liquid on my wrist before giving it to the baby. I put the nipple of the bottle in the baby's mouth, and I ensure I'm holding the bottle at an angle so there isn't lots of air getting in his tummy.  The baby drinks all the formula and then I put him over my shoulder,  I then gently patting his back to get him to burp. Upon deciding that a room in the house needs new wallpaper, the family takes a trip to the hardware store. Wallpaper is selected from the designs available. The wallpaper chosen does not need any extra glue because it is the self-sticking kind and they pick this because it is easier to apply. The family heads home and everyone helps in taking down pictures and posters and any other decorations from the wall.  Dad uses water and a scrub brush to remove the old wallpaper. Everyone helps to clean and dry the walls after the old wallpaper is all gone. When the wall is dry it is time to put the new wallpaper up. The back of the new wallpaper has to be wet, but only a little bit. A small amount of water is applied to the back of the paper and then it is time to carefully place the new wallpaper on the wall. Dad uses a step-ladder to reach the high parts of the wall. Mom and dad use scissors to cut some of the paper to fit around electric outlets and windows. After the wallpaper is applied it needs to dry. The family waits for two or three hours then everyone admires the new wallpaper design and puts picture and posters back up on the wall. In our house, we have a guest room that must not have been touched since the 1970's. It is carpeted in tasteless, dirty and old carpet that is begging to be changed. After considering several options, my wife and I decided to rip the carpet up and install some wood laminate flooring. We picked a day on the weekend and invited her father over to help us with the process. First we ripped the old carpeting up and prepared the bare surface to accept the new flooring. We had the flooring ordered and delivered the day previously, so I spent that night measuring and cutting the pieces to size. After the floor was properly prepped, we began laying each piece of laminate one by one. A few spots did not fit quite as planned so it became necessary to cut some pieces shorter than I had initially. Once we finished we took a long break and ordered pizza for dinner. Every week I have to go to the store to get groceries.  First, I take an inventory of the things in my house and make a list of everything I need to make sure to pick up while I'm out.  I then get into my car and drive across town to the store.  I find a parking spot and get out of the car.  I walk into the store and get a grocery cart.  As I walk into the store, I grab a sale flyer and look at the store's sales and specials.  Next, I start going down the aisles at the store, adding things into my cart that are on my list or are on sale and would be appreciated at my house.  After I am done shopping, I get in line to check out.  I wait patiently for my turn.  When it's finally my turn, I check out and pay for my items.  Lastly, I drive home and put away the things I just purchased from the store. I had a long day and I wanted to do something to relax.  It was night time, so I decided to watch a movie.  My cabinet is where I keep all of my movies that I have.  I went over to my cabinet to pick out the perfect movie to watch that night.  I spent ten minutes trying to pick the best DVD to watch that night.  I looked through all of the movies and I finally picked a movie that I liked and went over to the DVD player.  I turned the player on and I also turned the TV on.  I took the movie disc out of the case and placed it into the player.  Then I pushed the movie in.  The menu came up on the TV screen.  I picked to play the full movie, and I started to watch the movie.  I watched the whole movie. Throughout the month, my wife and I get bills to pay for things that we buy or use.  A lot of the times, we get a bill to pay rent and to pay for the electricity and gas that we use to use power and keep our house warm.  When we get the bills, we put them in a nice pile to make sure that we don't lose or forget about any of them.  Once or twice a month, we will sit down and make sure that we pay the bills.  Sometimes we use our computers or phones to log into accounts and pay the bills.  The money comes out of our bank account and we always check to make sure that we have enough of it.  We often will talk about what we can do in the next weeks to make sure that we don't have too many bills to pay. Last week my friend and I went to the public swimming pool nearby where we live. It was a beautiful day outside - a sunny 80 degrees with not a cloud in sight. When we arrived we found an empty spot and put our towels down, along with the items we brought for the day which included some snacks, suntan lotion, books, drinks, and a change of clothes. There were many people there, including lots of children with their parents and some adults alone or with friends. Shortly after we arrived, we put on suntan lotion and took a dip in the pool. It was just the right temperature. Cool, but not too cold. We swam around for a bit and then got out and laid on our towels for a while. We relaxed in the sun and had a nice chat about what was going on in our lives while we ate some snacks. I then took out my book and began to read while my friend relaxed with her eyes closed for a while. I eventually became tired of reading and went in a dip in the pool by myself for a bit. After a few hours of swimming and relaxing in the sun, it was starting to get late so we decided to head home. We put some warm clothes on in the changing room and headed home for the day. On Fridays, my friends and I love to go see movies.  Sometimes, we stay inside the house, and rent movies.  One of the places we like to go to has a machine full of movies called Redbox. We go to this store, and use the machine to rent movies.  When you go up to the Redbox machine, you just press "Rent Movies",  and then it shows you movies you may like.  They even have categories you can pick from, like comedy, drama, suspense, and even scary ones.  Usually, my friends and I pick comedy movies when we watch movies together.  So, once you pick a movie, then you press that button for the movie, and it let's you use your bank card to pay for the movie.  The machine records your card information from your bank, so that whenever you bring it back, it will charge you for how many days you kept it.  It is very cheap to use, and very nice. My family has always wanted to take a vacation to Las Vegas, but we live too far away to be able to drive there. Because of this, our only choice was to fly there. Once we knew that we were doing this, my parent's booked a flight to Las Vegas online. We got ready for the flight one day before by packing all of our belongings that we would be taking in suitcases. The airport we would be using was just a half hour away from our house, so the drive wasn't long. Once we arrived at the airport, we had to step through the metal detectors and go through security so that the airport knew we didn't have any weapons or anything illegal. After security, we went to get our plane tickets, and waited until our flight was ready for boarding. We then gave up all of our baggage so that it could be put on the plane, and we got on the plane. The last time I made an omelette, I was really hungry, but wanted something healthy to eat. It was me and my girlfriend who needed to eat and we both wanted to eat somewhat healthy, while not going out to spend money and get food. As a result, we found eggs in the refrigerator and took out a few for each of us. We then cracked the eggs into a pan, making sure that the outer crust did not end up in the pan. After that, we let the egg stay in the hot pan for around 5 minutes, adding cheese as necessary. As we watched the egg form and stirred it, we started to turn the stove off. Soon after, the omelette was done and we placed it onto a plate with a fork. After this, we began to eat and we enjoyed the amazing cheese filled omelette that we made. Last night, I ordered pizza for dinner. Pizza is one of my favorite foods. I had a couple of friends over, so we decided to order two pizzas in order to feed all of us. My friends and I couldn't agree on which toppings we wanted, so we decided to get one pizza that was half cheese, half pepperoni, and another pizza that was half veggie, half sausage. We looked up the phone number to our nearby pizza place by searching the Internet. We then put a call in and spoke with the hostess, who took our order. She said that the pizza would be ready for pickup in about thirty minutes. We asked if the pizza place offered delivery, and she said yes, but there would be an additional $5 charge. We agreed to pay for the delivery. She told us the total for our bill, and we provided our credit card information and then hung up the phone. Thirty minutes later, we picked up the pizza to take back home. When I was little girl, my friends Tommy, Jessie and I loved going to the pool together.  We would ask our parents if could go to the pool at the gym on the same afternoon, so that we could play together.  Usually, that meant that we would go on Saturdays or Sundays, when our parents were home in the afternoons.  Tommy was a great swimmer, and he taught Jessie and I how to swim and do the back stroke, and even the butterfly stroke.  I was the best at floating, and I always would beat Tommy and Jessie at that game.  I could float better than them both!  I would get on my back and float on top of the water very easily. It was fun!  Jessie had a hard time floating, so she used her floats to help her stay up.  Sometimes her mom brought the large floats we could all get on at once.  We loved those!  We would play horse on them, and also try to knock each other off the floats! Erica and David like to pay their bills together. They pay most of them during the last week of the month. She takes the bills out of the drawer where they had been put away as they came in. He gets out their checkbooks, and they both sit down at the kitchen table to work. One by one they go through all the bills, checking to see that everything is as it should be. The cable bill and the car insurance are in Erica's name, while the utilities and telephones are in David's name. They each write checks for the bills, and then David writes a check for the rent on their apartment. They check each bill one last time, then seal up the envelopes and put stamps on them. Then they walk together to the mailbox to send off the bills. They always hold hands when they walk back from the mailbox. After I have played outside with my sister and rolled in the dirt, slid down the slide and threw balls at each other, we picked up a lot of dirt and sweat that my sister and I just could not wipe clean. We get in the house and decide who should go to shower first. We go to our rooms and peel off all the sticky and yucky clothes and gather our clean clothes and underwear. My sister goes first. She turns on the faucet and sets the water at a temperature that is not too warm or cool. We both know to step in carefully, get our wash clothes and soap. A fresh shower with shower and water we know will wash away all the grime from our bodies and hair. We made sure we had clean towels to dry off.  Stepping out of the shower and being clean and fresh really feels good after a long day of play. Last year, when getting my girlfriend her birthday gift, I felt that rather than putting it into a bag, I should try to wrap it. It was somewhat big so I and needed to purchase a lot of wrapping paper. I went to Target to purchase wrapping paper and then when I came home, I arranged the scissors and tape together so  that I would be ready to complete this task. I then set the gift wrap on the floor and placed by gift around it. Upon doing this, I started to cut the wrap in a manner that fit the gift, leaving some extra. I had a little trouble, but was able to wrap the gift successfully and give the gift. I felt that having extra wrapping paper and the supplies ready and accessible worked to my advantage and helped me complete this task quickly and efficiently. This was a great experience. I had a friend in town from Denver Colorado next weekend and I wanted to plan one dinner out that was really nice.  I was hoping to find a high end seafood restaurant that had availability for us at short notice.  I searched yelp until I found a place that I thought would be absolutely perfect.  The restaurant is called Grill 23.  I thought for sure that they would be booked but I decided to try and book it anyway.  I accessed Open Table on line and submitted my request for Grill 23 at 7:00 on Saturday night.  Unfortunately they were booked so I had to make our reservation for 9:00 instead.  On Saturday my friend and I spent the day touring and shopping around the city.  By the time it was time for our reservation we were very hungry.  We went to Grill 23 and ended up having an amazing dinner.  It was definitely worth the wait. When it was time to clean the floor, the first thing I needed to do was sweep the debris and garbage. I use the broom to sweep the floor from one end to the next, piling all of the dust, dirt and other debris on the floor into a pile in the center of the room. I used a dustpan to collect all the debris, placing it on the floor and using the broom to sweep all of the brie onto the surface of the dustpan. I empty the contents of the dustpan into the garbage then placed the broom and dust pan into the corner. I then made a bucket of water that had floor cleaning solution diluted into it in order to make sites. I took my mop from the corner of the room where the room was, and placed the head of the mob into the water, soaking the head of the mop. Once the head of the mop was completely submerged underwater, and soaking wet, I removed the mop from the bucket and squeeze out the excess water. I then use the mop to wipe over the entire floor. I ensure that all of the stains and stuck on dirt that was on the floor have been removed with the mop, and that the floor looks spotless including when I finished. I rinsed off the mop with clean water, to remove the left over grime and dirt, and placed the mop in the corner. I also emptied the dirty mop water from the bucket, and placed the empty bucket in the corner as well. I then left the room so that the floor could completely dry before I stepped on it again. I was reading in bed last night and my light bulb blew in my bed side table lamp.  I put my bookmark into my book, and got up out of bed and went to the light switch to turn on the overhead light so I wasn't in the dark anymore.  I keep spare light bulbs in my pantry and found the one with the right wattage to replace the broken one.  Once back at the lamp I made sure to switch it off and unplug in.  I removed the shade and saw I must have had the light bulb in for a long time because it was a little dark on one side.  I twisted the light bulb up and out and held it to my ear and shook it like a maraca.  The broken coils bounced around inside and it sound like a rattle.  I took the new light bulb and screwed it in, making sure not to over tighten it so it was seated perfectly.  I put the lamp shade back on, plugged it back in and flipped its switch.  The lamp worked just like new.  I put the old light bulb in the garbage before heading back to bed to keep reading. In the morning, I texted my friend and asked if she wanted to come to the sauna with me. She had expressed interest earlier so I thought she'd want to go. We decided to take Ubers from our houses and meet there. When we got there, we realized that neither of us had brought a towel. Luckily, they had towels at the sauna available for a small fee. We each paid for our visit and included a towel in the purchase. Then we entered the sauna. It was very warm and humid, just like we expected. It was very relaxing. We talked a little bit but mostly we just sat in silence and enjoyed the atmosphere. It was a wooden structure that felt very rustic. Eventually we started to get overheated, and my friend suggested we leave. We got up and exited the sauna. We thanked the workers at the front desk for our visit and then we went on with our day. The first step in taking the underground was determining where I  wanted to go. Then, I consulted Google maps on my phone. I opened the app and typed in my destination. I then selected the public transportation tab and pressed the navigate button. The app told me that I should take the red train to my destination. The station was just a couple of blocks away. I walked there and followed the instructions on the app as to which train to get (red train, northbound). I purchased a ticket at the ticket machine using my credit card. I scanned my ticket, then went through the turnstile. I followed the signs to the correct platform and waited a few minutes to for the train to arrive. When it got there, I waited for the people to exit the train before getting on. The app told me to get off after three stops. Once I got off, I followed the signs to the exit. My husband and I decided that while our son was off at college it would be a good time to renovate his room. It still had cartoony race car trim up and the carpet had seen better days. It's always best to start off with a plan so we sat down a talked about how we wanted the room to look. It is still our son's room when he needs to visit from college so it couldn't be entirely out of his taste. A whiteboard was set up and we made notes about what the room could be after our son finally does move out. An office was the winning choice. We packed everything our son left in the room into boxes and stacked those in the living room. Since DIY isn't really part of our skill set, we shopped around for contractors to help us. They stripped the carpet and trim from the empty room. The painter changed the wall to a warm light grey. When the paint had dried we called a contractor in to put down a nice maroon carpet. The furniture was put back into the room. Afterwards we decided to go through the boxes and only put back the things we were sure our son was keeping. Everything else was left in a box and put in the garage so that our son could look through it when he returned and hopefully throw out some of the junky items. Yesterday when I woke up, I had to do my morning chores that I do every single day. These are my responsibility and I must get them done every day. To begin this process, I made a to-do list for the day. I wrote the items down in order from highest priority to lowest priority. Then I got to work. I fed the animals (one dog and two cats), took out the garbage, did the dishes, and cleaned the cat's litter box. My next step was to start cooking breakfast. I fried the eggs, cooked the bacon, fried the hash browns, and cooked the toast. After my spouse and I ate, I had a few more dishes to do. After finishing up those dishes, I put a load of laundry into the washer. After about an hour or so, the clothes were done washing and they were ready to be put in the dryer. After the clothes were dried and folded, I was officially done with my chores. I could finally relax! I miss one of my friends that lives far away, and think of writing a letter to him. I think about what I would like to talk about. I get out a sheet of paper and pen and begin to write the letter. At the top of the page, I write, "Dear" and then my friend's name to show that this letter is for him. I then write a lot in the middle about things I want to ask him, like how he is doing and if he is happy. I ask about his family and invite him to come stay on vacation sometime. Once I am finished, I skip a few spaces to the bottom and write, "From" and then my name to show that the letter is from me. It's very important to write who the letter is for at the top and who you are at the bottom. If you don't, the person reading the letter might not know who you are, or think this letter is not for them. When I last fed my cat, I had a couple step process. I first put the food in her bowl and made sure that she had an adequate amount of water. I also made sure the food bowl was clean and that it was not overflowing. I had to find the food that I always give to her and open it up before putting it into the bowl. This was easy and I felt like it was routine. My cat eventually came over and started to eat from the bowl. Once it was finished, I did not give anymore, as I give a measured amount of food each time. After  the cat ate all of the food, I refilled her water bowl and left her food bowl there. I also put the food away in the closet and made sure the seal the bag shut. This is a daily routine. I was walking down the street with my phone in my pocket, when it began to vibrate.  I pulled my phone out of the pocket and looked at the screen.  The screen indicated that I was receiving an incoming phone call from my sister.  I pressed the button on the screen marked "accept" to indicate that I wanted to accept the call.  I then lifted the phone to my ear and said "Hello, Sister!" in a pleasant voice.  My sister was calling to discuss the details of our upcoming family vacation this summer.  I confirmed that I agreed with her hotel selections for our vacation.  We chatted for a while, and then she indicated that she had go to an appointment downtown.  I told her that I was glad to have had a chance to have spoken with her, and that I would speak to her again soon.  I pressed the button to end the call and hung up the phone. Last night, I cooked dinner at home for my partner and I. One of my favorite dinners to prepare is lasagna. First, I preheated the oven. Then, I mixed up the filling for the lasagna. The filling contained ricotta cheese, one egg, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, spinach, and salt and pepper. Then I got a glass casserole dish from my cupboard and coated it with cooking spray so that the food would not stick to it. I then put a layer of tomato sauce on the bottom of the dish. Next I put the dry lasagna noodles and a layer of the cheese mixture I made. I then repeated these steps until the dish was full. I put extra mozzarella cheese on top. I poured a cup of water around the edges of the dish so that the noodles would soak up this liquid while they cooked. I then put the dish in the oven and set a timer for one hour. When the timer went off, I checked on the lasagna. It was ready. My partner and I ate it for dinner and it was delicious. On Monday I usually go grocery shopping, so I decided to make my shopping list in the morning. First, I decided what meals I would make during the week and thought about all of the ingredients I would need to prepare the meals. I looked in my fridge and pantry to see what ingredient I was missing. I made sure to write these missing items down on my list. I also looked at commonly used items, such as milk, bread, and eggs to make sure that I had them. I wrote down anything that was almost gone or completely gone. I then wrote down any household items that I needed, like paper towels and laundry soap. I also thought ahead about any supplies I would need for the upcoming week. I am planning to have friend over this weekend for a cookout, and needed paper plates. I included these on my list. After finishing my list, I read through it and double checked it before taking it with me to the grocery store. Yesterday, my friend said she would call me in the afternoon. I hadn't heard from her in a while, and I was excited to speak with her after so long. She said she would call my landline phone at home. I waited around the house for her call, listening intently for the ring of the telephone. At around 3:30 in the afternoon, I heard the phone ring. I was upstairs when the phone started ringing, and had to run downstairs to get the phone before the call would get to voicemail. I answered the phone a bit breathlessly by saying, "Hello, this is Kathryn." My friend responded that it was her. I greeted her enthusiastically and asked how she was doing. We ended up chatting for thirty minutes, and it was a great conversation! It was fun to catch up with my friend on the phone. After our call, I hung up. I went to a sushi restaurant by myself last Friday. I like to sit at the sushi bar because it is easier to get good service, but the restaurant was very busy, so I had to sit at a table instead of at the sushi bar. A waitress came to take my order. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and the waitress said my order would be ready in about ten minutes. When the waitress brought my order, she didn't bring be a spicy tuna roll, but instead she brought me a California roll. I told the waitress she brought me the wrong order, so I had her take it back.  After about ten more minutes, the waitress came back and apologized for bringing me the wrong order, and she gave me the spicy tuna roll I ordered. The waitress felt so bad she offered to pay for my sushi. John was getting ready to move into a new house. He was excited but needed to do some work on the house before he could actually move in. He decided he wanted to replace the carpets in the living room of his new house so he stripped the old carpet of the living room with his buddies that were there to help him. He pulled up the carpet and got rid of it and made sure the floor was okay. It was fine to work with so he got the padding for the room out of his truck and brought it into the living room. He padded down the floor with his friends. He put it down across the entire room and proceeded to get the carpet out of his truck now. He brought the carpet in with his friends and placed it down across the entire room. He was happy with how it looked with the finished result. My ears started hurting on Monday. By Thursday, the pain hadn't gone away. I was concerned. Immediately, I picked up my phone and made a doctor's appointment. When the appointment came around, I walked in to the reception area. I told the lady behind the desk who I was. She asked to see my medical card, and I gave it to her promptly. Then she gave me a form to fill out while I waited. Finally, a nurse came out and called my name. I went with her through a door to a large hallway. She took my height and weight. Then she led me to a private room. She took my blood pressure, pulse, temperature, and asked why I was there that day. After she was done, she left me in the room alone. I waited. The doctor came and asked me similar questions. He determined I had an ear infection. I left the doctor's office with a prescription for antibiotics. I knew it would make me feel much better! I awoke on Saturday already excited. I was excited because weekends are the only real times where I get to eat a home cooked breakfast. During the week, we are rushing out of the house, and my husband and I are lucky if we have time to shovel a cereal bar down our throats before we leave the house. We walked down stairs, and I began preparing breakfast for my husband and I. I decided on eggs and bacon for this Saturday's breakfast. I crack the eggs on the side of the bowl, drop them in the bowl, and begin whisking away. I always make sure to add a little bit of milk to make the eggs fluffier. I drop them in the pan and listen as they sizzle away. As they cook, I fry up some bacon in a hot pan. I prefer my bacon crispy, as my husband prefers his bacon a bit more tender. When the meal is done cooking, I put it on a plate and we sit down to eat. We take our time and really savor every bits. I love lazy Saturdays. I wanted to have a bog dinner party with all of my friends; so. I a started to prepare a huge feast. I put the big sectional into my dinning room table and went to my closest to get my best table cloth to put over my table. After I covered it just right I brought out my finest china from my cabinet and started to spread the dishes out at each of the seats. I placed each plate in its spot complete with forks, knives, and spoons. Next thing I had to do was get my crystal glasses out so I could put one by each of the plates and fill them with water for my guests. After my friends had arrived and I served them we raised our glasses in a toast to or relationships. We had a lovely meal and they stayed to help me clear the table and put back all the dishes were they belonged. My girlfriend and I decided that we wanted to do something different for a date night tonight.  We looked through possible things to do in the area, and decided on dancing at a swing dancing club.  We got dressed in some nice, but easy to move in clothes, got in the car, and drove to the club.  We had a couple of drinks at the bar while watching the others dance on the dance floor  before joining them ourselves.  When we got on the floor, we danced together, doing spins and dips in time with the music coming from the stage.  We would take breaks in between some songs to cool off and get drinks, before heading back out for more dancing.  Eventually, there was a dancing competition, and we lasted for two rounds before getting eliminated, but we didn't mind, since we had a great time.  We then went home. I was sitting on the couch in my living room when I heard a loud "ding dong!" chime through the house. I got up from the couch and walked to my front door. The doorbell rang again as I made my way to the front of the house. "Ding dong!" Once I was standing at the door, I raised myself up on my toes a little to be able to see out of the peephole. I saw that the person at the door was my mail delivery person. I unlocked the bolt on the door, turned the doorknob, and slowly opened the heavy wooden door and then the screen door. Once the doors were open, I cheerily greeted the mail delivery person and took the mail they handed to me. Once I had taken the mail, I then wished them a good day and I closed the door behind them as they left. Sometimes I love to watch movies with my husband. When we don't have the kids home to disturb us we like to buy a move on demand right from our own living room. The last time we decided to play a movie, my husband went to the "on demand" feature on our TV and scrolled through all the "new release" movies that were available. We both saw a few movies that we wanted to watch, but we didn't want to watch all of the same movies, so we needed to decide on one. We finally decided to watch a movie we both agreed on. He pressed "buy" on the remote and the movie started playing. We both watched the movie in quiet without any one disturbing us. It was really nice. I look forward to having those movie days with my husband since they are few and far between these days. My daughter and I had to go to the airport to get on a airplane to go on a trip.  We got there early in the morning so we could have a lot of time.  We  checked to see if we could still get on the plane on time.  We checked to see if we had our passports which we had to have if we wanted to go on a plane.  We had to make sure we were at the right place because we didn't want to get lost.  We had to find our airplane.  You can get lost on them like you can a bus.  We found it.  We still had fifty minutes so we went in the airport restaurant to get a cup of coffee and a donut.  The donut was delicious.  It had jelly in the middle.  We checked our bags to make sure we had everything then we got on the plane. I was very excited for my birthday party. About a month before my birthday, I helped my mom pick the date and location for my party. Mom called the local fun center and reserved the date. Mom told me I could invite ten friends. I was so excited! Mom got a notebook and I told her the ten friends I wanted to invite. After this, I got to pick my theme! Of course, I chose my favorite movie, Ghostbusters! We went to the party store and got decorations and invitations. Mom looked up my friends' addresses. I helped her fill out the invitations and I even put the stamps on the envelope. After we filled out all of the invitations and addressed the envelopes, we walked to the post office. Mom had to help me put them in the box because I couldn't reach. I am so excited for my party! I recently made spaghetti for dinner. I first got out a large pot, filled it with water, and placed it on a burner turned up to high heat. I also put a dash of salt into the water, since this is supposed to help it boil more quickly. While this heated, I grabbed a box of dry pasta and measured out the amount that I wanted into another container. I poured the pasta into the water once it was boiling. I allowed the pasta to boil for 8 minutes, according to the directions of the pasta box. I set a timer to prevent overcooking. One the timer went off, I stopped it, turned off the burner, and put on oven mitts. I also placed a colander into the sink. While wearing the oven mitts, I poured the pasta and water into the colander. I then removed the colander from the sink and placed the pasta into a bowl so that it was ready to have sauce added to it. I went to the dentist yesterday. I brushed my teeth first, because dentists like that, and I left in plenty of time, so I wouldn't be late. When I got to the office, I told the man behind the counter who I was, and that I had an appointment with Dr. Tsutaoka. He told me to have a seat. I sat in the waiting room and watched the television a while. Soon, a woman came and led me back to a small room with a big padded chair. She had me sit in the chair, and tucked a sort of paper napkin around my neck. Then the dentist came in and smiled and said hi. She asked how I was feeling, and I said I was fine. She told me she was just going to look at my teeth, and she did. She pushed a button and the chair whirred and slowly tilted back. I opened wide, and she looked at my teeth one by one, using a small round mirror on a thin metal stick to see them. She said everything looked good, and I should keep brushing and flossing. I told her I would. She was nice, and I'll see her again in six months. Taking a trip to celebrate a holiday is a wonderful experience.  I decided to take a trip to New York City this year to celebrate New Years Eve with friends.  My first question was if I should stay in a hotel or with friends.  Due to the cost of hotels I decided that staying with friends was the very best option.  I then decided that to travel to New York City my best choice would be to take the train.  The train trip from Boston to New York City is relatively short and it's very convenient because the train stop is very close to my friends apartment.  My friends and I then decided that we should make dinner reservations for a nice new years dinner in New York.  I took care of the reservations for dinner and the train and now I am just waiting a couple of months so I can take this really exciting trip. I felt very hungry so I looked in my fridge for something to eat. A hot dog package caught my eye. It looked tasty to eat and thought it could curb my hunger.  I took out the package and read the instructions for cooking. There are a few different ways to cook hot dogs, microwave, boiling on the barbeque or grill. I decided since I was so hungry already and did not want to wait long I would use the microwave method. I opened up the package and took out a hot dog. Placing it on a paper towel I set the cook time for 20 seconds. It was ready then but very hot. I took out a bun and then spread some mustard, relish and ketchup on it as well. I then placed the hot dog in the bun and eat it all.  It was very tasty and satisfied my hunger. In the morning, I always make sure taking a shower is the very first thing I do for the day. I take off my clothing and get the shower running, so the water will be nice and hot when I go in. Once it's ready, I hop inside and start washing. I take the soap and wash all over my body. I wash my arms, my legs, my back, and my feet. I make sure my entire body is nicely soaped up and cleaned, then I rinse all the soap off. Then, I wash my hair by getting it wet and adding shampoo and conditioner. Once I'm all rinsed off, I'm done showering. I get out of the shower and take my towel to dry myself off. I put on some deodorant, to make sure I keep smelling fresh for the rest of the day. Once I'm all washed up, I get dressed and I'm ready to face my day! As I walked around the house, gathering up all the dirty clothes sometimes smelling them if I was unsure of their dirtiness. Then I separated colors. Sorting whites from colored clothing. Jeans from the more delicate ones. Starting with a load of white as they are usually smaller I start the water before pouring in just a cap full of bleach. Once that load has finished I move it to the dryer, with a dryer sheet to help soften and scent the clothes. Then I place the other clothes in the washer and pour in the measured amount of laundry detergent. It goes through a wash and then a rinse cycle before they are ready for the dryer. I take the whites out the dryer so I can move the next load in. Again a dryer sheet is placed. This also helps remove lint. Check the lint trap clean it if necessary and start drying that load! On Saturday, our family had a party for my uncle's birthday. We went to the store for party foods and drinks. We bought four kinds of soda and three kinds of chips, plus dips and some cut raw vegetables. We had called the day before to order a cake from the store's bakery. We also bought paper plates, plastic forks, and paper napkins that said  I asked someone at Home Depot about this since I've never done it before. They were very helpful. They told me how to figure out how much wallpaper I would need. I had to get a tape measure and measure all four walls. I had to measure how high they were and how wide they were. Then there was this formula where you multiplied the height times the width, divided that by 144 . . . and that's as far as I got. Wallpaper isn't that expensive and I didn't mind having some left over.  So, I just made a guess when I picked out my wallpaper. I can always get more if I need it. I finally got everything out of my bedroom. Other than my bed, the room was totally empty. Then I made a table out of two saw-horses and a board. I opened the package and unrolled a sheet of wallpaper on the table. I peeled the backing off, climbed the ladder, aligned it with the ceiling and affixed it to the wall. I was in the kitchen tidying up and suddenly heard the baby crying from her crib. She must have awoken from her nap. I ran upstairs to hold and coddle her, and realized she wasn't being soothed. I knew she didn't need a diaper change as I had just changed her before her nap and her diaper felt dry. I realized she must be hungry. I brought her back downstairs and opened the fridge to get out a bottle of milk. I brought her and the bottle to the couch, sat her on my lap, and brought the nipple of the bottle to her lips. The baby suckled onto the bottle and I could hear her sucking in the milk. After a few minutes, she released her lips from the nipple, indicating to me that she had had enough to eat. I set the bottle down and placed the baby over my shoulder to burp her. I flipped up the light switch to illuminate my federal, and instantly watched as the lightbulb went on and then immediately shut off. That let me know that the lightbulb was blown, and that it needed to be changed. First I went to the linen closet, and removed a brand-new lightbulb from the box. I went back to the bedroom and turned the light switch back into the off position. I then placed a stool underneath the lightbulb, and climbed on top carefully, with the new label in one hand. Once I was in position to remove the old lightbulb, I placed the new lightbulb on the top of the stool in a safe place, then placed my hand on the blown lightbulb to inshore it was not too hot to handle. Once I realized the lightbulb was cool to the touch, I began to screw the light above in a clockwise motion in order to remove the lightbulb from the light fixture. Once the lightbulb was release, I bent over and placed the old bowl on the top of the stool, then picked up the brand-new lightbulb. I then stood back up so that I could reach the light fixture, and placed the middle portion of the lightbulb into the light fixture. I began to screw the lightbulb in a counterclockwise motion, ensuring that the metal thread of the lightbulb was aligned correctly with the light fixture to inshore that the lightbulb would be evenly inserted into the opening. Once the lightbulb was completely emplaced, then I stepped down off of the stool and back onto the floor, removing the old light bold and the stool from the middle of the room. Then, to check to make sure that the new ball had been inserted correctly, I flicked the light switch from the off position to the on position and looked up to see that the new label of have been illuminated. This morning I decided to do my dirty laundry and to clean my dirty bed sheets. First I took my blanket and pillows off of my bed. Then I grabbed onto my bed sheet and pulled it off of my bed. I crumpled my bed sheet in my arms and carried it to my washing machine. I put my dirty laundry and my dirty bed sheets in the washing machine and added laundry detergent to it. I then set my machine to the correct settings and pressed the button to start the laundry. Now I needed some clean sheets on my bed, so I went to my closet when I keep the clean bedding. I found a clean sheet and carried it back to my bedroom. I unfolded the sheet and matched up the corners of the sheet with the corners of my bed. I laid the sheet on my bed and tucked in the sides of the sheet that were hanging over my bed. Then I put my blanket and pillows back on the bed. Now I had clean sheets! Regina had thought about renting an RV for their family camping trip, and now looking at the car stuffed full of everything her family could think of, she was regretting not getting it. Seeing his wife looking slightly sad, Aaron walked over and hugged her. They stared at the mess together for a few minutes and laughed together. The kids came running back to the car with the various toys and games that a three and five year old needed. Regina asked Aaron to check that everything they had packed was strapped down. As he went to do that, she buckled her little boys in. Then got out her list from the glove box. She went to the back of the car and started checking off things she could see. The grill; check, the kids suitcases; check, her and Aaron's suitcases; check, the bikes; check, propane; check, extra camping odds and ends; check, and her wonderful and adoring family; double check. She smiled as she put the list away and Aaron started the car. They happily sped off on their week away at Yellowstone National Park. I was getting ready to set the alarm so that I could wake up early  the next morning when I realized that's the batteries were dead and needed to be changed. So I took the battery cover off of the bottom of the alarm clock, which is where I saw the the two dead AA batteries. I took the batteries out, one by one, and through the old batteries in the garbage. I then opened a brand-new store-bought pack of AA batteries, and removed two of them from the packaging. Following the direct actions within the battery compartment of the alarm clock, I inserted each of the batteries one by one, ensuring that the positive and negative terminals were facing in the correct directions. Once both batteries were in place and snugly intact, I put the battery cover back on the bottom of the alarm clock in order to secure the batteries in place. I then turned over the clock so that it was sitting right side up and facing me. I push the power button and the face of the clock lit up, with 12 o'clock blinking in red. In the afternoons, sometimes I like to have a cup of tea and relax out on my back deck while reading a book and enjoying some piece and quiet.  First, I went into the kitchen and took out my tea kettle.  I filled it with water and put it on the stove.  I turned on the stove and let the kettle warm.  While the water inside the kettle was getting hot, I looked through my cupboard and pulled out my box of tea bags. I looked through my choices and decided on a peppermint tea.  I then got out a tea cup and put the bag in the cup.  After several minutes my tea kettle started to whistle, signally that the water was hot enough. I carefully took the tea kettle off of the stove, being cautious not to burn myself.  I slowly poured the water into the tea cup and let the bag soak in the hot water.  Afterwards, I took my tea cup out to the deck and sat down with my favorite book. My wife and I decided to invite some friends over.  We wanted to clean our and house and make it look good after it was messed up by my daughter.  One of the first things that we did to clean was to get out the vacuum.  To do so, I opened up the door to the closet and got it out of there.  I took the plug and put it in a socket that was close to the area of the floor that I wanted to clean.  I hit the power button and the vacuum started to make a weird noise.  I opened the vacuum up and cleaned the inside out.  After that, it was ready to get started.  I pushed the vacuum all over the floor in every part of the house.  It was very loud and it was nice to push the power button and turn it off when I was finished. Yesterday I went grocery shopping . I left my house and drove to the store . I parked the car , walked inside and grabbed a shopping cart . I looked at my list and saw that I needed some fresh produce . I picked out the best looking strawberries , they were on sale for $ 2 a pound . I bought several pounds because my daughter loves fresh strawberries . I finished up in the produce section , buying some things to make a green salad later to go with dinner . I then stopped at the meat section and picked out some nice cuts of steak for dinner . I went into the frozen foods section and found ice cream was also on sale . I bought vanilla and chocolate . I went through the rest of the aisles , consulting my list and picking out what my family needed . When I had found everything I needed , and put them in my cart , I walked over to the checkout lanes . I stood in line and waited for my turn . Finally , it was my turn and the checkout person checked me out . I paid my bill , and walked out to my car with the shopping cart . Then I loaded the car up with the groceries , returned the cart and drove home .  I was hungry.  It was too early for lunch, but too late for breakfast.  I decided to make an omelette.  I cracked a couple of eggs into a glass bowl and added some seasoning.  I also added a little milk to give it some fluffiness.  Then I whipped up and stirred the eggs.  While I was stirring the eggs, I set a pan on the stove and heated a pat of butter.  When it was hot enough, I poured the eggs into the pan.  As the eggs started to cook, I flipped them and cooked them on the other side.  I put a bit of shredded cheese and diced ham on the egg and flipped it over in half.  I turned the heat down and let the egg cool off a bit.  After a minute or two, I slid the omelette off onto a plate.  It was so very delicious! I had holidays in the last week. It was a long weekend and I planned to watch some movie. My father gave an idea to gather my friends and watch some good movie and he promised to help in playing the movie. I invited some of my interested friends to watch the movie. We discussed and decided to watch the animation movie 'Up'. I went to the shop along with my father to buy the DVD for the movie 'Up'. My father taught me to connect the DVD player to our television. Once the player is connected, I had to insert the disc in the player through the proper hole. Once the disc is placed, I had to switch on the play button to get the movie played. After the movie is finished we have to push the stop button and get the disc out of the player. I learned everything well from my father and played the movie once our friends gathered. We all enjoyed the movie well. My daughter's 10th birthday was coming up in about a month. My husband and I had decided to throw her a party because she was so excited to turn 10 years old. We planned some entertainment for the party and agreed on the food and treats to be served. Then it was time to invite all of her friends to the party. We made a list of her friends with her help. We then looked online for invitations and found a great selection. We let our daughter pick her favorite and ordered 30 of them. When the invitations came we filled out the names for each then addressed the envelopes with only names so that she could hand the invitations out at school. Each invitation explained what the party was for, when it would be, and what to bring and expect. She took the invitations to school the next day and handed them to all of her friends, barely able to contain her excitement. The party was a hit. My old fashioned alarm clock did not go off this morning, subsequently I was late for work. I didn't have time to change the batteries so I waited until after work. Once home, I picked up the clock and used a Phillips head screwdriver to open the back of the clock. Using my finger nail I pulled on each of the two batteries from one side until they came loose. I put the dead batteries in the used battery drawer for recycling at a later date. I grabbed two fresh batteries from the adjacent drawer. I popped the batteries, making sure the positive and negatives were properly aligned and I screwed the plate back on with the screwdriver. I had to reset the time which wasn't hard, I just turned the dial on the back until it was correct. I then reset the alarm as well so that I would not be late from oversleeping the next day as well. This room sure needs and update with a more vibrant color, like yellow. Yes, yellow is the color Max is channeling for this room, but it has to be the right shade of yellow. Off to the hardware store, there is canary yellow, banana yellow, and pale yellow. Decisions, decisions, pale yellow it is and a primer too. Max dust and clear the walls, and covers large furniture. Because, of the existing color the walls will need to be primed before painting. Max fills the painting pan and uses the roller to prime the walls. Using the roller was tough, so Max used the sprayer machine to paint the walls. Hum, hum, hum the machine sprayed forcefully a thin layer of paint, in all there were three layers of paint. The sprayer made the job much easier, and Max was very pleased with the color pale yellow. The walls dried over night and Max uncovered the furniture and updated the room with new pictures, curtains and accessories. Max was very happy with the end results. Last time I played a movie, I was at home with my girlfriend and was somewhat bored. I  was looking for something to do and I knew that neither of us had seen a movie in a long time. As a result, I found a DVD and we watched it. I had to go downstairs to find a comedy movie that would be enjoyable to both of us, since that was the type of movie that we wanted to watch. Once I found the movie, I put it into the DVD player and started to watch. We both relaxed and watching the movie. Later, I had to turn the volume up because we were having trouble seeing. Since we got tired about half way through the movie, I had to set the sleep timer on the TV so that it would not remain on all night. However, we did end up staying awake throughout the duration of the movie. It was the first warm sunny weekend in May, so I was excited to head up into the mountains and camp. I checked through my camping box to make sure I had camp stove fuel, batteries for the flashlights, camp utensils, bug spray and everything else I might need. I also double checked to make sure all the stakes and poles were with my tent. Lastly I loaded up a cooler with food and snacks. I rounded up the kids and we got into the car. We drove half an hour away on the highway before turning onto a Forest Service Road. After about 15 minutes we pulled into a campground. We selected a spot, looking for one that was well shaded and set back from the road. The kids took the tent out and began putting poles together. I helped them stake out the tent. Then we gathered up firewood together and placed it in the fire ring. I got some matches from the box and lit some of the smaller twigs. I poked around the fire until it began to burn well and then started to get out some food for dinner. I wanted to plan a trip to visit my Dad in Maui so decided to go over Thanksgiving because I could stay for longer and would not have to use as many vacation days. I confirmed with him that the dates were OK and started looking at airfare. The best prices I could find consisted of two layovers and included an overnight flight but I was willing to suffer a little bit to save a few hundred dollars. After I booked my flight I gave my Dad the information and he said he would schedule some days off to spend with me. I did some research on things I would like to do in Maui and decided I wanted to go whale watching and possibly snorkeling if the weather was nice. Dad made the reservations since he gets a discount as a resident. I also found some restaurants that I wanted to try. I thought about if I needed to buy anything before I went and decided to pack light and purchase essentials there to not risk my bag getting lost. The trip went as planned and was very relaxing and beautiful. Maria helps clean the table after dinner.  She takes the plates first, scrapes the food off of them, and throws away the scraps. She sets the dishes near the sink. Then, she takes the cups two at a time, and empties them in the sink if there is any drink left in them.  She sets them next to the counter where the sink is to be washed.   Then she gathers the silverware, and any other dishes with food in them.  She wipes the table carefully, and puts back the flower decoration onto the center of the table.  She then goes back to the kitchen, to rinse the dishes, and prepare them for the dishwasher.  She loads the dishwasher with the dirty dishes, and puts the soap in the dishwasher.  She turns on the dishwasher, and goes to tell her mom that she done with the dishes and cleaning the table. Tonight for dinner, I decided that I wanted to make a chopped salad to accompany my dinner of spaghetti and bread sticks. In order to make a chopped salad, I knew that I would need to chop vegetables. First, I decided which vegetables I wanted to chop. I decided that I wanted carrots, tomatoes, cucumbers, and iceberg lettuce in my salad. I carefully washed the vegetables to remove any dirt or sand that might have gotten on them. I then got out my wooden cutting board and my chopping knife, which is sharp enough to easily slice through hard foods like cucumbers. I placed the washed vegetables on the chopping board and carefully chopped up the vegetables, one by one. I tried to chop the vegetables so that they were of similar sizes and shapes. I then put all of the chopped vegetables into a mixing bowl and used a mixing spoon to stir them together. Every Saturday my family comes over to my house for dinner. It's very enjoyable seeing all the people that I love. My wife and I cook a large meal with plenty of food for everyone. We all sit at the table and eat and talk and laugh and have a really nice time. Once dinner is over we begin to clean up. We gather up all of the dirty dishes and silverware and rinse them off in the sink and then put them in the dishwasher. After the table is cleared off it needs to be cleaned. So I gather together a clean, dry rag and some kitchen cleaner, and spray the cleaner on the table. I make sure to spray all the sticky spots because they can be harder to clean off. I then take my rag and wipe it over the table, over and over again until the table is dry and completely clean. The table becomes so shiny and bright that it looks brand new. I then put the cleaner away and place the cleaning rag in the washing machine. After this I wash my hands thoroughly and then move on to whatever else is left to do. I was in my kitchen about to cook dinner for my boyfriend and myself. We were going to have steak and some sauted vegetables. I had already put the steak in the oven and was about to begin sauting the vegetables. I pulled a zucchini and a yellow squash out of the refrigerator and placed them on my cutting board. I grabbed a knife from our knife block and began to cut the vegetables. I first cut them into equal sized rounds, but those would be too big to bite so I decided to cut them again. I cut each round in half so it was in the shape of a semicircle. All of my vegetables were cut, but I decided to put one more vegetable in with the mix. I pulled some grape tomatoes out of the refrigerator and put about ten of them on my cutting board. I cut them all in half and poured them into the pan along with my yellow squash and zucchini. I rinsed the fresh wound with cold water, then held pressure on it for a few minutes with a dry paper towel. Once the wound stopped bleeding I gently applied some peroxide and let it dry. I then applied a thin layer of neo sporin. I had to search for band aids and eventually found one in the first aid kit in the car. I found an appropriate sized band aid removed the wrapper and threw the wrapper away. I peeled one side of the band aid sticky cover off, one sticky side exposed,  I stuck it on bare skin just to the side of the wound. I then peeled off the other side and gently pressed the band-aid to my skin, making sure the wound was centered and properly covered by the pad part of the band aid. I tried my best not to get the wounded are and band aid damp over the next few days. I also reapplied a bandage at least once a day for 3 days until the wound stayed closed on its own. I bumped into the corner of the table, and when I look down at my knee, I noticed that I had a scratch and there was blood running from it. That meant that I needed to get a Band-Aid, but first I need to clean the area to ensure I would not get an infection. I used a paper towel, wet it with water, then wiped the area to ensure the Nazi other than my schooling. I then use a kind of all to soak up some alcohol and of by its to the cuts, which had a stinging, tingling feeling. I then got a Band-Aid, and removed the packaging around it. Next I pulled back one of the white strips to reveal bus sticky parts of the Band-Aid, as well as the center cotton so that I could align its with the scratch. Once I placed the center square cotton onto the scratch and insured it was in the place that I wanted the Band-Aid to be, I secured the exposed side of the adhesive part of the Band-Aid, then remove the white protective slip to expose the other half of the adhesive part of the Band-Aid. With both adhesives stuck to my skin, I gave the band they want a final with my finger to assure that it was secure against my skin, and now the Band-Aid was applied. Ouch! I cut myself! When you get a cut, it's very important to apply a bandage to it as soon as possible. I go to the bathroom, where I keep my first aid supplies. The first thing to do is wash the cut. I have to wash away the blood and whatever dirt that may have gotten into the wound. Then, I apply disinfectant. If I don't apply the disinfectant, the germs that are already in the cut could cause an infection, and that could make me very sick. Finally, it's time to put on a bandage. I take a bandage from the box, unwrap it, and stick it right over my wound. It's very important to wrap the bandage tightly, so it stays stuck on my skin. When the bandage gets old and dirty, I carefully take it off and put a fresh one on, applying more disinfectant so I don't get sick. Soon enough, my cut has healed! Around 12 o'clock in the afternoon, I went to my mailbox in the front of my house to retrieve my weekday mail. As I opened the mailbox I saw that it was full, so I grabbed all the letters and mail with two hands. I walked back towards the front door and went inside my house to open the letters I received in the mail. I opened the first letter, then the second, by the third letter I must have gotten distracted and ripped the envelope to quickly. That's when I felt the edge of the paper rip into my finger. Automatically, I reacted and dropped the letter on the table and saw the slit on my finger in which it started to bleed. I headed to the bathroom and in the medicine cabinet I pulled out the first aid kit. I rinsed my finger under warm water and disinfected it with alcohol. Then I patted dry my finger and opened an medium sized band aid to place it on my finger. I peeled the backing on the band aid and place it over the small cut on my finger. I wrapped my finger with the band aid and clean up. Then I headed back to open the rest of my mail. I cut my hand yesterday on a sharp piece of glass, so I had to apply a band aid to keep it from getting infected. First, I had to go into the bathroom and get the package of band aids out of the medicine cabinet above the sink. I took a band aid out of the box and removed the paper wrapper that keeps it clean and sterile. I set it off to the side, then turned on the water in the sink and adjusted the temperature until it was warm. Next, I washed my cut to make sure it was clean, then I dried my hands on the towel hanging above the toilet. I took the band aid and gently placed it over the cut, taking care to make sure that the adhesive stuck to my skin so the band aid wouldn't fall off. Finally, I threw away the paper wrapper that the band aid came in, and left the bathroom to finish my day. I cut myself just enough to bleed, but not enough to need to go to the hospital. I needed to wash the cut and put on a band aid, so it would not get anything dirty in the cut. I went to the medicine cabinet and got out the box of band aids. I also got a bottle of wound wash, peroxide. I held the finger I cut over the sink, and poured the peroxide over the wound. It stung a little, but I did it so I knew my cut was clean. I let the peroxide fizzle then dry for a moment. Once it was dry, I opened the band aid. I had to removed it from the box, then the paper it was wrapped in, the take the pieces of wax paper off the sticky parts. Once I did I held my finger out and used my other hand to put the soft part on the cut. I wrapped the band aid around my finger and picked up all the papers that were on it. I have a problem with picking scabs off of my skin. One of the only ways I can combat this is to apply a band aid over the areas to prevent myself from picking at them. To put on the band aid, I open the wrapper and then take off the two little pieces of glossy paper protecting the sticky adhesive side. I then place the band aid over the spot that I either picked already or want to prevent myself from picking. Once i do that, I throw away all the band aid remnants. The band aid itself is a peach, off-white sort of color -- I hesitate to say "nude" because that implies that everyone has the same skin tone, which is untrue. I usually leave the band aid on for as long as possible, which typically ends up being until I shower next. Sometimes I will use small circle band aids if I do not have a full band aid available. I was working in the back yard and I cut my finger on a piece of sharp wood.  I then headed back into the house and washed my hand to make sure the wound was clean and free of dirt and infection.  After washing my hands and the wound with hot, soapy water I put some ointment on the cut to help it heal faster and keep infections out.  I reached into the cabinet and opened the band-aid box so I could take a band-aid out.  I realized that this box didn't have the right size so being careful with use my non-cut hand I reached into another cabinet and found the right sized band-aid.  I tore open the package, pealed back the plastic, and put it over the cut making sure I put the band-aid on nice and tight.  Making sure that the band-aid was secure I headed back out into the yard to finish up my work. Lucy was outside playing with her new kitten.  She was having such a fun time that she forgot about being gentle with the kitten and she accidentally pulled his tail.  That kitten did not like to have his tail pulled and he scratched Lucy right on her arm.  Poor Lucy, she had a bad scrape and she needed a band aid.  She asked her mother to help her.  They got the band aid out of the box and carefully unwrapped it.  Then Lucy's mother gently cleaned her scrape and applied a little bit of ointment.  They peeled the paper off the back of the band aid and gently applied it to the scrape.  Lucy knew that it was important to keep the band aid on for a few days until the scrape started to heal.  After the band aid was on and she got a hug from her mother Lucy felt so much better! I fell down on my driveway this morning and scraped my knee. It hurt, and it was bleeding a little bit. I went into my bathroom and carefully washed my knee with soap and water. I pat the area dry with a towel. I knew it would be very important to keep the area clean so it would not get infected. Therefore, I applied the antibiotic ointment I keep in my bathroom drawer to the scrape on my knee. I used a cotton swab instead of my fingers, so I wouldn't get the sticky ointment everywhere. I then decided to put a band aid on, to help keep germs out. I tore the plastic backings off the sticky part and placed the band aid on top of my wound, over the ointment. It gently pressed my fingers on the band aid's edges to make sure it would stay in place. After that, my knee felt much better. I was talking to my friend when I accidentally cut my hand. I needed to get something to stop the bleeding and to protect the wound from bacteria. I went to my bathroom and into the medicine cabinet, and I grabbed the box of band aids. I selected one that looked like it was the right size put the band aid box back in the cabinet. I peeled back the strips of paper that enclose the band aid and placed them on the counter. I split open the band aid, revealing the white pad that absorbs blood. I placed it over the wound and then pulled back the two plastic strips that revealed the adhesive. I pulled them snug and fixed the band aid into place. I smoothed the surface out and made sure it was a good fit. I then picked up the trash from the band aids and threw it away. This morning, when I was sharpening a knife, I cut my thumb and needed to put a band aid. First, I went to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom where I keep the first aid kid. I opened up the kit and looked for a band aid that would work for the cut. Some of the band aids were too big, and wouldn't fit on my thumb without hanging over the tip, some were too small and wouldn't cover the cut on my thumb. I dug through the band aid bag and found a band aid that would fit. Next, I washed my hands thoroughly to make sure the cut was clean and then I dried my hands with a clean towel., Then I put some antiseptic ointment from the first aid kit on the cut, to help the cut heal faster and reduce the chance of getting an infection. Finally, with my cut cleaned and treated, I wrapped it carefully with a band aid. While doing yard work around my house, I had an accident with the hedge clippers. My finger  was cut when I picked up the clippers by the blade. The cut was not large so a band-aid would be a suitable fix. I stopped my work and went inside to get one. I went to the bathroom to clean the wound before I applied the band-aid. I scrubbed it with soap and water, and then afterwards I applied some antiseptic. Once clean and sterile, I took a band-aid from the box and took off the adhesive backing. Very carefully, I wrapped my finger with the fresh band-aid making sure it was not too tight. When it was on, I flexed my hand to make sure it would not fall off or get in the way. When I was satisfied, I cleaned up the mess in the bathroom and put a work glove over my hand to protect the band-aid from the work to come. Today I got a small cut on my leg from riding my mountain bike. It was bleeding a bit. I headed home to clean up. I walked inside to the bathroom and gathered some supplies from the medicine cabinet. I grabbed some alcohol, band aids, and a wash cloth. I put soap on the wash cloth and dampened it with warm water. I then gently cleaned my leg up. I then patted it try and took a cotton ball and soaked it with some alcohol. I then swabbed the cut with a circular motion with the cotton ball in order to disinfect it. I grabbed the band aid and opened up the wrapper. I removed the backings to the band aid and placed the middle portion over the cut. I rubbed the two sticky sides on my leg so they would stick. I then put all of the materials away and went on about my day. One day, I decided to make dinner.  I needed to cut an onion to make what I wanted to eat, so I got out a knife, an onion, and a cutting board, and started to cut the onion.  I wasn't paying attention, and I accidentally cut my finger with the sharp knife!  I put the knife down, and went to the bathroom, opened the medicine cabinet, and took out a box of band aids.  I also ran my cut finger under water, to clean it before I put the band aid on.  I took a band aid out of the box, and unwrapped it, so I could put it on my finger.  Then, I dried my finger off, and wrapped the band aid around the cut.  It fit snugly, and so I put the box of band aids back into the cabinet, closed the cabinet door, and went back to cooking dinner. It was a sunny day and my sister and I were outside playing away the day. We decided it would be a good idea to have scooter races. With her on her red scooter and me on my blue scooter, we raced down the sidewalk at top speeds. Before I knew it, she began to wobble uncontrollably in front of me. She tried to jump off into the grass before crashing, but she landed hard on the pavement. I rushed to help her and noticed her knee was bleeding quite a bit. We walked slowly home to tend to her wounds. I took her into the bathroom and washed off her wound with soap and water. I then dried her wound with a clean towel. I reached into the cabinet and found the nearest bandages I could find. I peeled open the band-aid and took off the plastic strips. I put the padded part of the band-aid over her wound and pressed the adhesive down around it. She was ready to race again! I was in kitchen and cutting some vegetables with knife which I just sharpened . I think I was cutting so close to my fingers, and doing multi task, the knife cut my finger. The blood was gushing out, I tried to stop with  water. Then I went to my medicine cabinet, and grabbed a box of band aid. The cut was big, so I was looking for long and wide one, which cover my cut. I found one which has some antiseptic cream on.  I cleaned my wound, and pressed cotton on wound for a while till the blood stopped. Finally when it stopped then I peeled the paper from the band aid, and it exposed the sticky part of band aid. I immediately put the sticky part on my skin adjusting it according to my wound, so cushiony antiseptic part directly falls on my wound and covers it nicely. Then I pressed both side so it sticks to my finger well and wrapped around my finger securely. Carrie came running into the house screaming at the top of her lungs, and collapsed at Laura's still moving feet. "What's the matter baby? What happened," Laura asked as she stooped down to look at the minor scrape on Carrie's knee. "Matty pushed me down on the swing," she said through stained lips. "He pushed me real hard." Carries put her head down in Laura's lap there in the kitchen floor. She swooped Carrie up with a little extra spin just for fun. "Let's go put a cool band aid on it, and you can go show him that all he did was get you a sticker," Laura said to her trying to cheer her up. Carries snuggled tighter to her mom as Laura flipped the bathroom light on. In the medicine cabinet, she always kept Hello Kitty and Power Ranger band aids, just in case of this happening. After cleaning the cut with antiseptic, and kissing her now happy little girl, Laura had put a hot pink band aid with Hello Kitty smiling brightly from Carrie's knee. It wasn't two minutes later that she was right out the door to show the boys how tough she was. I'm feeling thirsty. Fortunately, there's a vending machine that I can get a drink from here. Vending machines are special machines that automatically sell things like food, drinks, and other little things. Today, I'm going to buy a bottle of water from this machine. The first thing I do is put in my money. I put in one dollar, the price of the bottle I want. Then, I put in the number for the water. Every item in the machine has its own number, which you punch into a special pad to order it. Once I press the number, the machine pushes the bottle of water down, where it falls into a slot where I can pick it up from. Some machines instead grab the bottle and carry it down gently, especially of it carries bottles made from glass. Now that I've got my water, I don't feel so thirsty anymore! I recently was at a sporting event and decided I was hungry and wanted to buy something to eat.  I spotted a vending machine tucked in the corner of a stairwell that sold small snacks and drinks.  I approached the vending machine and looked through the glass to decide what I wanted.  I found a bag of chips that I know I like and decided that is what I would buy.  I read the price of the chips was one dollar.  I reached into my wallet and retrieved the dollar needed to purchase the chips.  I looked back into the vending machine and found that the chips were located in the B4 position.  I put my dollar into the machine and pressed the "B" button and then the "4" button.  The coiled metal rotated and the bag of chips fell to the bottom of the machine.  I reached through the door at the bottom and retrieved my chips. I approached the vending machine while pulling my wallet out of my back pocket.  I stood in front of the machine and looked through the glass at all the choices in front of me. Did I want a bag of potato chips or a candy bar?  I decided I wanted a Reese's peanut butter cups. The tag in front of the candy bar said $1.50.  I pulled two one dollar bills from wallet and placed them into the money slot and watched the machine grab and pull them inside.  I saw that I now had $2.00 of credit.  I pressed A7 on the keypad which was in front of the Reese's peanut butter cups.  I watched the circular metal wire rotate and push the candy bar forward.  I watched it drop down to bottom of the machine.  I pushed the wide door open and grabbed my candy bar. I heard two quarters fall into the coin return slot.  I pulled them out with one finger and enjoyed my candy bar. I have an important test coming up. So, I've been studying a lot lately. I was studying at the library last night. I set aside four hours to study. But, half way through, my stomach started rumbling. I tried to keep my mind off of it, but my hunger was distracting me from my work. So, I decided to grab something from the vending machine. I stopped studying, and I want to the lounge area of the library. I was surprised by all the great options available. I could choose both hot and cold items. For example, there were tiny sandwiches which could be heated up in a nearby microwave. There were also ice cream sandwiches. I love those frozen treats. I decided, however, just to get some pretzels. I put some change into the vending machine. There were codes for each item available. I entered the code for pretzels into the computer on the side of the machine. And, my pretzels dropped into the bay at the bottom of the machine. I reached into the bay, and I pulled them out. I ate them quickly. They were delicious. I then returned to my homework. When I was hungry last week for a little snack and a soda, I went to the closest vending machine. I felt that it was a little overpriced, but being as though I needed something, I used the vending machine. First, I put money into the snack machine and entered the code for the bag of chips that I wanted. Soon after, the snack came out. Then, I went over to the drink dispenser and got a soda. I then opened the chips and started to enjoy them, before enjoying the soda. I had a great little snack and the ordering process was efficient. I had a little trouble getting the snack out of the dispenser, but was able to eventually . My chips were good, as was my soda. My soda was also cold and delicious. I enjoyed it thoroughly and was glad that I used the vending machine this time. I work in a library that has very old vending machines in the basement. Today however, we got new space age vending machines. What makes them space age is that they have a much larger selection of items than our old machines. They're refrigerated so they have sandwiches and pickles and items such as that. Another thing that makes them space age is that they take credit cards as well as cash. Today I don't have cash, so I get to go down to the vending machine with my card. I swipe the card and it tells me my card is accepted. Then I choose my item. Peanut M&M's. It's always peanut M&M's. I put in the letter and number of the item. The machine thinks about it for a second then drops my item. I bend over and push open the door at the bottom. I retrieve my candy and skip away. It usually happens a lot where you're staying at a hotel, it's late at night, and you just want something to snack on. This happened to me during my family's most recent stay at a hotel. It was close to midnight, and I hadn't eaten a proper meal in hours for whatever reason. However, I knew that just down the hall from our hotel room, there were vending machines for both drinks and snacks. Knowing this, I got some loose dollars from my wallet, grabbed a room key, and went to the vending machines down the hall. I looked at the options that they had, and eventually settled for a bag of beef jerky out of the snack machine, as well as a water bottle from the drink machine. After getting my late night snack, I went back to the hotel room and enjoyed my beef jerky. I kept the water at my bedside overnight just in case I woke up thirsty. I first found a dollar bill in my pocket. I walked over to the vending machine and looked through the window to make sure I knew what I wanted. There were many rows of candy, snacks, and drinks to choose from I chose a particular candy bar and looked at the letter and number below it. Remembering that letter and number, I put my dollar in the machine, which took my money. I then touched the letter and number on the keypad. The metal arms that held the candy bar in place pushed forward and the machine dropped my candy bar down into a place where I could reach through a door to pick it up. The machine knew that I put too much money in and I heard the sound of coins falling into a slot on the machine, which I used to hand to remove.  I walked away from the vending machine pleased and let the next person use it. I had a break between my classes and was feeling a little hungry. I walked to the library and went into the basement where the vending machines were. I did not want a whole meal, so a vending machine snack seemed like a good choice. After looking through my options I decided that some animal crackers would do the trick and help me feel full and alert before my next class. I put my seventy five cents into the coin slot and punch in A-4, which was the number under the animal crackers that I wanted. As soon as I did the stop on the animal crackers dropped just long enough for one pack of animal crackers to fall down. I reached down and pushed back the lid on the retrieval drawer. Off I went, happy to have found a vending machine and buy the animal crackers that I desired. After my workout today I wanted to get a snacked to keep my energy up; so I decided to go to the row of vending machines that the gym keeps outside the locker rooms. It's usually a hard decision when I get there, there is so many choices of healthy snacks. I searched the rows of energy bars and veggie snacks to find what would give me the biggest boost after my exercise. I made my choice and reached for the change in my bag so I could pay for my taste treat. I put my coins into the slot in the machine until I had enough to buy my snack. I punched in the number of my selection so the machine could do its work. The coil started to spin until my energy bar fell from its slot. I pushed through the flap to retrieve my bar and started to eat. I am so glad there is a vending machine just outside from my Math classroom.  I woke up late and didn't have a chance to eat breakfast it's 10:00 am and I am hungry I need to get food before lunch! At my morning break I head directly to the courtyard and to the  vending machine. I pull the seven quarters out of my pocket, put it into the money slot of the vending machine and push the numbers one, three, six and the letter A.  This is the code for my favorite go to snack, chocolate covered donuts with sprinkles of coconut and almonds. This morning I am extra hungry and have found five more quarters which is enough for a container of chocolate milk.  I reach into the machine and grab my purchased donuts.  I add the five quarters and press the numbers two, four, three and the letter M.  I grab the container of milk and head over to a bench and dig into my snack. There was a vending machine at my dorm in college. I bought from it often.  One time  stands out more than the others, though.  I have collected exactly $3.15. This was enough for a snickers bar, two bags of Doritos, and a pack of jolly ranchers. This was all in quarters, nickles, and dimes. When I got to the machine, after I bought my food, a woman came up to the machine and tried to buy a Kit-Kat.  I didn't know her well, but the machine failed.  The Kit-Kat was left hanging on the edge, almost off.  I didn't have any more money, or I would have helped her by purchasing a Kit-Kat myself.  instead, we pounded on the glass and pushed at the machine. I didn't want to risk rocking it because it was very heavy and would be lethal if it fell.  So, we just stood there frustrated, until someone else I didn't know came up and asked about our predicament. I didn't know this fellow, either. He just hit it once it exactly the right spot, and the candy bar fell down. So she got what she ordered, and we were all happy. We were invited to watch a race for "track team", where my daughter was part of it. It was summer, but I was in hurry and  did not realize to bring anything with me. When I reached there, I was already hungry and the people with me too. I usually do not like to get some from outside, but no choice. So I decided to look for vendors or machine. I saw machines, and they were so many. It made me happy. I had $10 with me. The chips were .50 each and cookies were also.50. They had some drinks which was for .50, but big can and bottles. They were very reasonable. So I entered $10 in slot and pressed  buttons for potato chips, Cheetos, Doritos, and Sun chips, total of $5, and then I got  5 bottles of Gatorade, 2 bottles of water, Fanta, Pepsi. Believe me it was enough for us. While waiting for my husband to get out of work, I wait in the employee break room. I'm not really hungry but I have the munchies because it is late at night. I glance over at the vending machine, its bright lights beckon me to the sugar and fat laden calorie rich foods in their shiny cellophane packaging. "eat me" the say in a silently mocking tone. I rub my pant leg to see if i have any change or dollar bills in my pocket. I feel something crunchy in my left pocket....it's a receipt. I rub my other leg and feel some coins in my pocket. "Yes!" just enough to buy that nutty candy bar and salty bag of chips that I really don't need. I plunge my hand into the pocket of my blue jeans and dig out several quarters and a few nickels and dimes. Shoving the change into the machine I press b5 for my first selection, and then I shove several more coins into the coin slot and press d2 for my second selection. each time the coil in the machine spins, effectively pushing the pre-packaged food item off of its cliff int of he bottom of the vending machine where I can reach in a grab my snacks. Billy and Tim love to get bubble gum and candy from a  vending machine at the convenience store at the end of the street where they live. Bobby and Tim usually jump on their bikes and ride down to the little convenience store.  When they get there, they park their bikes, and walk in straight to the vending  machine.  They put in their 10 cent dime into the machine, and press the button next to the candy or gum they want.  The candy pops out  of the bottom of the vending machine, and they usually get two pieces of candy each. They put the candy into their sack they brought with them, and walk around the store to see if they need anything else. Sometimes they also buy a drink for the way back home, especially if it is hot outside. As they leave the store, they wave to the lady at the counter, and thank her for her help. Last Tuesday was another typical workday. Following my daily 1:00 meeting, I was struck with some hunger pains. I reached into my pocket and felt around - fortunately I had some spare change. I stood up from my desk with a smile on my face and started to make my way down the hall. It was the perfect time for an afternoon snack. What would I want? There were so many options. I could opt for something healthy, maybe a granola or a kind bar. Or maybe, perhaps, it was the perfect time to indulge in some chocolate. On the other hand, I could always play it safe and get some popcorn or even some potato chips. I arrived at the vending machine and glanced at my options. Fully stocked! What luck! My eyes scanned each row and column carefully, paying full attention to the grumbles of my stomach. Finally, I came to E6 - the double twix bar. I felt my hunger pang immediately. Ladies and gentleman, we have a winner. I dug into my pocked and pulled out four quarters, and hastily jammed them into the machine. The twix fell down and not wasting any time I grabbed for it, ready to take a bite and get on with my day. There are a lot of vending machines where I live, and so I buy from them from time to time. Buying from a vending machine is easy when it is working. The last place I bought from a vending machine was at my school, it sells little snacks and drinks so that I don't get hungry. I walked up to the vending machine and put my money in, I had 2 dollars. After I put in the money I looked at all the choices in the machine, there was candy, nuts, crackers, and gum. I decided I wanted some candy and so I looked at what number it was and typed the number into the vending machine's key pad. The vending machine took the candy and dispensed it for me and it fell to the bottom where I was able to pick it up. I then got my change back. I took my little boy downtown to stay in a hotel last week. It was a bit of a staycation in our own city. We explored the city during the day. I packed some food for us to eat in the room for dinner, so we would not have to eat all of our meals out. After we finished eating our dinner, my son wanted a snack. But he did not want any that I brought with us. We decided to go explore for a vending machine. We headed down the hallway and followed the sign to the ice and vending. He could not believe all the choices that were right there in the machine. he could choose from different types of candy, several chip flavors and even pop tarts. He decided on a pack of M&Ms chocolate candy. I showed him how to put the dollar into the slot and he loved seeing it get zipped inside. He pushed the letter and number combo for his snack and watched the spring turn around until his candy dropped. He pushed the door and got his snack. he was very entertained with the process. I am really thirsty and hungry so I need to buy something from the vending machine while shopping. I needed to find a vending machine that both sold soft drinks and food. I found 2 machines side by side that one sold drinks and the other sold food. I looked at the food selections and they had mostly chips and candy. I decided on buying chips. I decided on sour cream and onion chips. They cost $1.00 so I looked in my wallet to make sure I had enough money to buy it. I found 4 quarters and put them in. I pressed the number for the sour cream and onion chips and thankfully they came right out. I then moved on to the drink machine. I really wanted a Dr. Pepper. Thankfully this machine had it. The drinks costs $1.50. I took out a dollar from my wallet and 50 cents. Put the money in the machine and pressed the button for Dr. Pepper. Out came the Dr. Pepper, which was super cold and oh so good. I loved my snacks from the vending machine. I was super hungry between classes.  I had skipped lunch again.  I know that was a bad idea, but I used my lunch period to study.  Now my stomach was grumbling.  I walked down the hall to the vending machine near the office.  I knew there had to be something there that would hold me off till I got home.  I smiled when I saw my favorite snack.  I reached down into my pocket and pulled out a dollar bill.  The machine wouldn't take my dollar though!  A girl passing by traded my dollar for a crisper one.  I tried again.  This time I was successful and the sugary goodness would be all mine!  I pressed the number on the keypad that corresponded with the snack I wanted.  It slowly edged toward me and dropped down.  I reached down to pick up my food.  I thought I deserved it now. This afternoon at work, I got hungry for a snack. I didn't have time to go out to a store or a cafe to buy anything, so I decided to just go to the vending machine. The vending machine had many options to choose from. I decided I did not want anything sweet. I would rather eat something salty. The vending machine had a few different flavors of potato chips, such as original, sour cream and onion, cheddar and sour cream, and barbecue. The vending machine also contained other types of salty snacks such as Sun Chips, Doritos, Cheez Its, Goldfish, and Ritz Bits. I ended up choosing the sour cream and onion potato chips. They cost $1. I inserted a dollar bill, pressed the button that corresponded to the chips I wanted, and watched the machine retrieve the bag of chips for me. I reached into the slot to take the chips. I then enjoyed my snack. We decided that Friday night is our bowling night. We already all have our shoes, and don't have to get anxious about renting shoes. Renting bowling shoes gives me nightmares. We arrived at the bowling alley and it was packed, but we already made our reservations, and our lane is nicely prepped for us. All clean.  This alley also has a eatery inside, so the waitress came over to see if we wanted to order anything. We ordered deep fried calamari, onion rings, and cold stouts all around. Waitress came back with out food and drinks pretty quick, in about 15 minutes., I thought it would be longer given how packed it was. This game is not going in my favor. I keep getting splits. and missing the strikes. I need to score some strikes to stay in the game, otherwise, I might have to pay for this entire outing. Woe is me. Last week I went bowling to celebrate my friend's birthday. The bowling alley was called Barney's Bowl-o-rama. When we got to the bowling alley we all went up to the counter at the front of the building to pay the fee and get our bowling shoes. I told the attendant my shoe size and he handed over my shoes, then I handed him the money. After we had all gotten our shoes we headed over to the lane that we had been assigned. Everyone put on their shoes and walked over to the ball storage rack to select our bowling balls. I picked a purple ball and my friend picked a pink one. Someone else picked a green one! After everyone had their balls we sat down to figure out the order in which we would bowl. We all wrote our names down on the scorecard and I was assigned to be the person to keep score. We had a great night taking turns bowling, and my friend had the highest score at the end! When we were done, we all turned in our shoes at the counter, said goodbye, and went home to eat dinner. My friends and I decided to go bowling a few weeks ago. We met up at the local bowling alley around 6PM and walked inside together. The place was packed, but we managed to find a free lane and sat down. A few of us went up to the counter to pay for a few games for each person. We each then went up to the rental counter to rent some bowling shoes. We each gave the attendant out sizes, and she was able to find the right shoes for each of us on one of the many shelves of shoes. We went back to our lane and sat down to put our shoes on. We then each selected a bowling ball that was the right weight for us. I programmed the computer for our lane so that each of our names showed on the screen above us. We each rolled our balls down the lane, taking two turns at a time. None of us did very well, but we still had fun knocking down pins and catching up. At the end of the games, we returned our shoes and left the bowling alley. I live in very small town, and do not have many things to do. One of the sport is bowling. We decided to go for it this weekend. I looked online if they have any deals for group, and i found one. I booked online. We do not have any bowling shoes, so it was extra, but that is OK. I made my kids ready and they wore comfortable attire. The time was from 4 to 8 pm. we got ready about 3:30 pm. we already bought tickets, we did not had to worry about that.Then , we packed some snacks and drinks, if by chance we need them. Then we went to bowling, and reached there 10  minutes earlier. Went exchanges shoes, and got our spot for our group. At first, only 2 sticks were down, but by the second round I made all sticks down on first shot. Will wanted to go bowling with his friend Allen, but he didn't have enough money to cover the cost for both him and Allen so he just went alone. Will brought his own ball and when he stepping in the door he could smell that fresh bowling smell. so Will went up to the counter and asked the woman operating the shoe station for a size ten pair of shoes. He laced up his shoes and was ready to go. he saw an open court and he took it. he pressed the new game button and off he went. he saw that the pins were set up in a very specific way but he was ready for that challenge. he rolled the ball so far onto the lane that it knocked out all of the bowling pins and he received a strike! everyone was so amazed. Will did amazing. he kept bowling until the night ended.  he got so tired that he eventually had to call it a night and go home. Will returned the bowling shoes and laced up his old regular ones again taking those shops off was like taking power away from him. Will got back in his car and drove back home. My friends and I decide to go bowling this Friday. We decide to call ahead to the bowling alley nearby to reserve our lane at 8 PM on Friday. At Friday 8 PM, we all meet up at the bowling alley and we check in with the worker. He charges us an admission and shoe rental fee. After changing into our new shoes, we head to our lane. The first round took us about 40 minutes to complete. After getting the hang of everything, we complete the second round in only 20 minutes. Everything took us about an hour to complete. At about 9 PM, we decide to leave so we return our shoes and proceed to leave. After saying our goodbye's we go our separate ways. On the way home, I decide that I had a good time bowling so I remind myself to schedule another event very soon. I drove the the bowling alley closest to my house. I walked in the door and went to the counter. I told the cashier how many games I would like to play. He asked if I would like to rent bowling shoes. I said yes. The cashier asked my shoe size and I told him I wore a size 9. The cashier went to the back and got the right size shoes. The cashier told me my total and I paid the bill. After I paid, the cashier told me what lane I would be using.  I then went and picked out a bowling ball. I picked a hot pink bowling ball. I then went to the lane that was assigned to me. I put in my name on the computer and began my game. I played 4 games. I then started to get hungry so I went to the snack stand and ordered nachos. After I ate my nachos, I played two more games. I then returned my bowling ball to the proper place, and returned my shoes to the cashier.  The cashier told me to have a nice day and to return soon. I walked out the door and got in my car. I enjoyed spending the afternoon at the bowling alley. One day my mother took me out to a bowling alley to spend time with my family and it was a new experience for me since I usually never go out and get socially active with people, But once I was out there long enough and started to loosen up and have fun with my family it was a very fun experience and we all laughed and joked around. We had a team battle where all the girls took on the boys at one point my team being the boys were down and we needed a major comeback and eventually what happened was I was able to bring the boys back into the game. Finally the game came down to one last move, If I got a strike we would win and if I didn't we would lose and surprisingly I was able to get the strike and get my team the win! I had so much fun and I would like to go back one day. My friends and I wanted to go bowling. We got in the car and headed to the bowling alley. When we got there, we rented some bowling shoes. The worker sprayed the shoes to make them clean. We put on the shoes and went to our lane. We selected a ball based on the weight since some can be really heavy. Then we took turns throwing the balls and trying to knock the white pins over. Everyone tried to get a strike. Sometimes we missed the pins and the ball would roll into the gutter. Then we got hungry and had some chicken wings from the bowling alley's diner. The glow in the dark round came on and all the lights turned off and everything was glowing. Then, we returned the shoes. Then the music came on and it seemed like a party. Finally, we got sleepy and went home. When I was a teenager, I asked a girl if she would like to go bowling with me at a bowling alley.  She said that she would come and asked me what to bring.  I told her she didn't need to bring anything but herself.  I picked her up the next day and we drove to the bowling alley.  We got out of the car and went into the bowling alley.  We bought a couple of games to play and had to rent shoes so that we wouldn't slip on the slippery floor.  We got a couple of decent weighted balls to throw down the alley.  We took turns throwing the ball down the hall and trying to hit the pins on the other side.  She was a lot better than me and scored more points.  After about 18 throws, the game was over and we put our balls away and went to leave. One day I went bowling.  Oh what fun bowling was! I threw a 300 round I think. I think that makes me up there with some of the best guys of all time. I guess I will have to come bowl more often. I also like the styles of the bowling alley. The shoes they give you are so nice. I like the old feel and look of them. It is weird thought that so many other people have put their feet into these shoes before. It is alright the shoes are fine. There are also a lot of other shoes to choose from in the store there. You can pick white ones or red ones, and you can even buy new balls there too. Just ask for the service department. Anyway, after I bowled my big round my family took me out to dinner to celebrate. I have nothing but good memories of bowling. Last night I went bowling with some girlfriends. We met at the bowling alley and traded in our sandals for some black and white bowling shoes. We laced up the shoes and set up our scorecard with each of our names displayed on the screen. Then one of my friends went to get us all sodas and snacks, and when she got back we started the game. The first game we played just to warm up, so we didn't keep score on the screen. We just took a few turns to get into the groove. Then we got serious and began tracking the score. I won the first game, but then my luck ran out. My friend Sarah won the next two games. Jill did not win any games, but she was a wonderful friend and kept our snacks and drinks filled. Mary Beth was the scorekeeper, though she didn't win either! When the game was over, we traded back for our shoes and drove home. I was bored and wanted to play a game. This time I decided I would go bowling. I drove to a bowling alley and payed the worker there to rent some bowling shoes. I put the shoes on to make sure they fit, and was told which lane would be mine to bowl in. I went to my lane with my bowling ball, which was just the right size and not too heavy. I stepped up to the line on the floor and swung the ball under my right shoulder onto the floor. The ball hit the floor and rolled quickly down the center of the lane. A lot of pins were lined up at the end of the lane, and my ball rolled right through the center of them. All the pins fell down and I scored a strike. I was very impressed, and a machine picked the pins back up for me and put them back at the end of the lane. I threw my ball a few more times until the game was over. My friend Mary and I went bowling last night.  First we looked up bowling alleys online to see which places were closest.  We picked one that was close to my house.  When we got to the bowling alley it was pretty crowded and we had to wait in line to get a lane.  We bought two games and rented some shoes.  Mary and I entered our names in the computer at the bowling lane so that we could keep score. We both got to pick out balls from a rack.  After we did that, we started bowling.  Mary was able to knock down all the pins a few times so she got strikes.  I usually knocked down just a few at a time.  When the game reached a score of three hundred, Mary won. In between the first game and the second game we bought some food from the counter.  We played one more game and then decided to go home. Mary and I returned our shoes and drove home. My wife and I were looking for something to do last night.  We agreed on bowling.  We got in the car and drove to the bowling alley.  We went to the front desk.  The people at the front desk were very nice.  They asked us how many games we wanted to bowl. I wasn't sure, and I looked at my wife.  We decided we would bowl two games.  They asked us what size shoe that we wore.  I told her that I wore a size 11.  The lady got me a size 11 shoe and told us to go to lane 2.  My wife also wanted a drink, so we went to the concession stand.  We bought a soda and went to lane 2.  We both put on our shoes, and then we searched through the balls to find ones we liked.  Once we found our shoes, we began bowling.  I went first, and my wife went after.  We exchanged turns throwing the ball, and we kept each others score. On Saturday night, I decided to go bowling with four of my good friends.  When we got to the bowling alley, we paid the cashier.  Then we each got shoes to go bowling in and selected our bowling balls.  We had to try a few balls by picking them up to see how it felt when we held it.  After everyone had their shoes and their balls, we went to our assigned lane.  Once there, we had to set up the computer that keeps track of the scores by putting in our names.  When that was done, my friend Darren went first. He got a strike!  After Darren, Lori, Ann, and Jeff went.  I went last and got a gutter ball.  I got to go again and I knocked over five pins.  The computer calculated our scores and we went onto the next frame.  At the end, the computer tallied everyone's final scores. In the town I used to live in, there usually wasn't much to do as far as activities go. However, when the local bowling alley opened up, that instantly became a popular spot to hang out. It had just about everything from arcade games to bowling to a bar, and they served great food. A usual visit to the bowling alley involved me and either a group of friends or family. We would start things off with an actual game of bowling. We would go over to the counter to check in and get our bowling shoes, followed by getting our lane. While one person set up the game of bowling, the rest of us would go and get the right sized bowling ball that we wanted. When everything was all set, we'd proceed with our game. I usually always came in last, since I'm not very good at bowling. After the game of bowling, we'd go off ad play arcade games and laser tag. My friends called me on the phone to ask if I was interested in going bowling with them. I've never experienced what it's like to do so and I wanted to change that, so I agreed to go bowling with them. They went online to book a reservation for our group of five people. We traveled to the place by car and we arrived 10 minutes early. I was so surprised once I saw the setup we had. Everything was glow in the dark. They call it cosmic bowling. We all put on our bowling shoes and then we had to agree on which bowling ball we would use. I was shown how to put my fingers in the holes of the bowling ball. Then I stood behind the foul line which is a piece of colored tape or painted line, aimed for the pin at the front of 10 pins, and rolled the ball down the lane. I knocked 7 pins down on my first try. I had such a great time and told my friends to never come without me, Friday night my friend Stacey called me and invited me to go bowling with her and her friends.  I was excited and met them at the bowling alley about ten minutes from my home.  When I got there I rented bowling shoes in my size and put them on over my socks than met with my friends.  I bowled a few times not hitting any of the pins down.  Than to my amazement I aimed for the center and made a strike!  All the pins fell down.  I was very excited.  How could I recreate this again I wondered?  Throughout the evening I kept aiming for the center and made a few more strikes.  Bowling takes a lot of practice but above all it is fun.  It was nice playing with my friends and we made a great evening out of it.  Next time I think I will bring other people with me! Yesterday I went bowling with my friends.  They told me that they would meet me at the bowling alley at 3pm.  At 2pm I started getting ready.  By 2:30pm I was ready.  I made sure to bring socks with me, since you will need socks once you get to the bowling alley.  I grabbed my car keys and got in my car.  I drove to the bowling alley.  I listened to a little bit of music on my way.  Once I got to the bowling alley, I parked my car and then walked inside.  Once I was inside, I walked over to my friends.  I asked them how many games they wanted to bowl. They told me that they wanted to play two games.  I walked over to the cashier, I asked how much each game would cost.  The cashier said that each game would cost $3.50.  I wanted two play two games with my friends so I paid $7.00.  Next, I needed to buy shoes so that I could bowl.  I needed special shoes to go bowling so that I wouldn't slip on the floor when I went to bowl.  I asked the cashier for a pair of shoes, size eight and paid four dollars for a pair.  Now I needed a bowling ball.  But I didn't want a bowling ball that would be too heavy.  So I chose one that was only five pounds.  All of my friends came over to our lane where we were bowling.  We all put in our names so that each of us were playing on the same game.  I was first.  Before I started I made sure to put on my bowling shoes, and leave my old shoes by where we were sitting.  Then I took my bowling ball, put my fingers in each hole, aimed, swung my arm back then I let go of the bowl.  The bowling ball flew down the lane.  Out of the ten pins I knocked down six.  Since I didn't knock down all of the pens, I got to go one more time, before it was my friend Sarah's turn to bowl.  I bowled again! This time I knocked down four pins.  Since I knocked down all of the pins I got a spare! By the end of the game I had won the most points out of all of my friends! I won! I returned my bowling shoes and then we all left to go eat dinner! After dinner and bath it was time for bedtime. I made sure my kids brushed their teeth and got into their pajamas. After I tucked them snugly into their beds I sat at the edge and picked out their favorite book so we could read a few pages together. We always pass the book back and forth so we all read together. I make sure to help them if they have trouble with the words, so that we can all learn from our mistakes. We usually read a chapter in our bedtime book, but then it is time to close their eyes and drift off to sleep. I make  sure to kiss their heads before I cut off the light and pull the covers up so they stay warm. I always leave the door cracked so they have a little light in case they need to use the bathroom or come get me if they're scared. Last night, I watched a movie at home with my daughter. At 8pm when the movie was over, I turned the TV off because it was time to get ready for bed. First we went into the bathroom. I started running the bath while my daughter undressed. I put bubble bath in the water and helped my daughter step into the bathtub. After about 10 minutes, it was time for her to get out of the tub. I gave her a towel to dry off with and helped her get into her pajamas. After she brushed her teeth, we went to the bedroom. I tucked my daughter into the bed so that she was nice and warm and comfortable under the blankets. I sang a lullaby to her and then turned off the lights, leaving only a nightlight on. I said "sweet dreams," and quietly stepped out of the room so she could fall asleep peacefully. When I checked the clock, I saw it was getting late. It was time to go to bed. I took my child into the bathroom, and helped him get washed up to go to bed. I made sure he brushed his teeth, washed his face, and washed his hands until he was clean. I made sure he used the toilet, so he wouldn't have to get up during the night. Then, we went to the bedroom to get ready. I helped him out of his day clothes and got him into his pajamas. I helped him get into bed and tucked him in. Then, I read him a bedtime story. We always like reading bedtime stories together, and I always make sure he reads parts himself. Once the story was over, I tucked him in and turned out the light. It wouldn't be long before my son drifted off into sleep. Taking my child to bed at night is one of my most special parts of my day every single day. Our bedtime routine is generally the same every day. It begins with a bath. My child loves a bath and will absolutely not go to bed unless he can have his bath. He swims and plays in the bath tub long after he is squeaky clean. Next, he gets into pajamas and brushes his teeth. After that, he comes and holds my hand and tells me he is ready for his books. We both walk hand in hand to my bed, where he sleeps. He picks some books and climbs up into bed. We pull down the covers and both get cozy. I read him two, three or four books until he feels settled and tired enough. Then, I turn out the light and lay next to him as he says his prayers. He then tells me his favorite part of the day. I give him a kiss on the head, I blow a bunch of kisses from the doorway and say "One Million Kisses in the Room". I then leave and he goes to sleep. It was almost my daughters bed time, so I began to get her ready for bed. After her bathe, her hair being brushed, as well as her teeth she was ready to put on her pajamas. Once she had put on her pajamas, I walked her to her bedroom. I made sure to leave her night lite one. She wanted me to read her a story before bed, so I did. She listened to the story as I read from the book, helping me turn the page. It was not past her bed time so I told her she needed to go to sleep. I tucked her into her bed and made sure she was not going to fall out and on to the floor, maybe hurting her self. Once she was tucked in, I brought her a glass of water just in case she got thirsty in the middle of the night. I shut the door and let her sleep. It was about 8PM and my daughter knew it was her bedtime. I reminded her that it was time to get ready for bed, and to do what she needed to get done beforehand. She went into the bathroom, put the stool out in front of the bathroom sink, and washed her face. After she finished that, I reminded her to brush her teeth. I brushed my teeth alongside with her. I then helped her to floss her teeth. She then ran into her bedroom knowing she was finished getting ready. She untucked the covers and got into bed. I turned on her nightlight and read her a quick bedtime story she picked out from her books on the bookshelf. As I got ready to leave the room, I kissed her goodnight and said I would see her in the morning. I flicked the light switch as I left the room. It was family movie night so my husband, myself and our three kids sat on the big comfy purple couch and watched the newest Pixar film, while eating popcorn. Once the movie was over, our two youngest had already been asleep so we each carried one child to their respective beds. We didn't bother to wake them up to brush their teeth ( I feel guilty whenever this happens. ) we covered them up made sure night lights were on and kissed them goodnight. Our son was still up so we took the opportunity to snuggle a bit longer before taking him to brush his teeth. After teeth were brushed we made sure the night light was on and that he was all set for the night. Hugged him real tight gave him a kiss and said goodnight. Five minutes pass. "I need a drink." Five more minutes pass. "I need to go pee" Five more minutes pass. "will you rub my neck and hair until I fall asleep? My little daughter was really tired last night.  She had fallen asleep while her mom was feeding her and she was starting to sleep.  I didn't want to wake her up, so I made sure to take her from her mom's arms without making any noise.  She startled a little bit but went back to bed.  After I had her in my arms, I walked slowly to her room that was dark.  I walked up to her crib and made sure that there was nothing in there that she could grab.  With one gentle swoop, I place her down in her crib.  She stretched a little bit, but kept her eyes clothes.  I slowly backed away from her room and made sure not to trip on anything.  As I backed up, I shut the door behind me so that no light would get into my daughter's room as she slept. It was getting late and the child had to go to bed because the child had school the next day.  The child needs to get some rest.  First, I took the child to the bathroom, so that the child could brush its teeth and use the toilet.  The child brushes its teeth and uses the bathroom.  After that I took the child to its bedroom so that it could change into its pajamas, so that it could sleep comfortably. The child changed and was ready to sleep.  After that I put the child in the bed and started to read a bedtime story to help the child sleep. I read a story for a little, and the child was getting really sleepy. Then the child wanted some water, so I went to the kitchen and got a cup of water for the child.  In a little while, the child had gone to sleep. After a very long Saturday morning, my younger daughter of five and I were relaxing, watching television, when I noticed she started to doze off a bit. I asked if she was ready to lie down and go to bed. She had no issue at all saying yes, and I was a little tired myself, for it was a long week. I extended my hand for her to grab and help up out of the couch and walked her to bed. We made small talk, letting each other know we had a great day together, and looking forward to the next. My daughter jumped right in bed immediately after brushing her teeth and using the restroom one final time for the evening. I opened up the covers for her, fluffed up her pillows, and she lied down. I gave her a kiss, tucked her in, we both said goodnight with a loving smile, and I exited the room, leaving her to her sweet dreams. When I last took a young child to bed, I remember it being a difficult experience. I put my little cousin to bed and she is two. This was really tough because she was hyper and did not want to go to sleep. I had to follow a whole structured routine to get her to go to sleep so that she would sleep. This was somewhat difficult, but I first walked upstairs with her and picked out a book, then went to her room and read the book together. When I noticed her start to get tired, I slowly started to stop reading and I left the room. I used the monitor to watch her and noticed that shortly after, she fell asleep. This was not overly difficult, but I had to follow the whole routine to get her to go to sleep. Eventually she fell asleep for the night. Every night I must put my son to bed. His name is Alex, and we have the same routine we do each and every night. Last night, we started our bedtime routine by taking a bath. Alex played with his bath toys, and splashed around in the bubbles. He then got dried off and put on his pajamas. Last night he wore his favorite pajamas with Lightning McQueen from the movie "Cars". We went into the bathroom and brushed our teeth, Alex used his green Crayola crayon toothbrush, and got his teeth nice and clean. We then read a bedtime story, last night was Goodnight Fish, which was a book he got when he and his grandparents went to visit the aquarium. After that, he got tucked into his crib, with his favorite blanket, and his favorite stuffed animals: a lamb and a penguin. We sang "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star", and turned off the lights. Like each night, it was a good night. I hear moving feet and the cry of a child. Long days I work, steady and always getting into something at work. I come home after my hours, papers left on the ground, TV turned on and an iPod laying on the couch. "Daddy, daddy", the young one shouted, bed times in few minutes, "papa papa", I wanna stay up late!, no time, school in the morning, young life, needs training, only way to earn this is going to sleep early. I get him to brush his teeth, being hard on the one will make me look at him when he gets older. He lays in his bed and I read him a story, it's a goosebump story, night of the living dummy. He loves haunted things at such an early age, I did too, that's how father and son get along. I finish and head out the room and I say goodnight to you son, and so too you too dad. I was babysitting for my younger sister once and it was almost time for her to go to sleep. I gave her a bath, helped her brush her teeth, and put her pajamas on her. She was only two so she needed a lot of help. After she was all ready to go to bed, we sat in a chair together to read a couple of bedtime stories. When we were halfway through the the second story, I looked over and noticed that her eyes were starting to close. I shut the book and put it on the bookshelf, and slowly picked my sister up. I brought her over to her bed and laid her down on top of her pillow. I tucked the blankets up over her head, made sure she had her pacifier, and shut all of the lights except her nightlight off as I left and shut the door. Every night, I'll take my son Jimmy to bed. First I take him to the bathroom so that he can brush his teeth and wash his face. Then, I take his hand and lead him to bed, he usually is yawning by the time we get there. I make sure he's in his pajamas and then under the covers. I usually read him a story that I let him pick out. The other night he picked out "Where the Wild Things Are" which is also his favorite book. After the story, I'll kiss him goodnight and turn off the light, but usually Jimmy will ask me to turn his nightlight on, but not always as sometimes Jimmy likes to look out his window, but only when the moon is bright and the sky is not cloudy. I will tell him "good night," one last time before I close his door and go to bed myself. It is late at night and the sun has gone down, and my kid is sleepy. It is bed time. He is still very little though and needs some help going to bed. I take him to his room and make sure he gets ready before going to sleep. He brushes his teeth and washes his face so he stays clean and healthy every day. Once he is done, he changes into clothes for sleeping so that his other clothes stay clean while he sleeps. He crawls into bed and I pull the covers over him. His head rests on his pillow so he is comfortable and can fall asleep better. He is afraid of the dark like me, so I leave a nightlight on for him in the hallway. A little light at night can help you feel better and more relaxed, but too much light keeps you awake. I tuck him in and say goodnight and let him fall asleep. Emily had fallen asleep on the sofa after supper while we were all watching the new movie Dad had rented. The movie had been boring, and Emily had fallen quickly asleep. Mom asked me to try to wake her when the movie was over, but she just snored louder every time I tried to shake her awake. She was such a deep sleeper. Dad sometimes joked that she could sleep through a brass band marching through her room. I believed it now. I had tried very hard to wake her up. I went in and told my mom I couldn't get her up. Mom smiled and hugged me, told me good night, and patted my head. I went into the living room to watch as she kissed Emily on the forehead. She gently slid her arms under Emily's sleeping body, and lifted her up to chest level. I followed her up the stairs and to the room me and Emily shared. Mom pulled the covers down on Emily's bed, and I pulled mine down. Emily woke up just enough to climb down from Mom and snuggle under the covers. Mom kissed us both once more and turned out the light. It was night time and it was time to go to bed.  The boy wanted to keep playing.  I told him that after he got ready for bed I would read a story to him.  He dawdled a bit but finally started getting ready for bed.  First of all he had to take a bath.  He splashed in the tub and spilt water all over the floor.  Next he dried off in a big, fluffy blue towel.  Then he brushed his teeth with his special Star Wars toothbrush.  Next he dressed in his Star Wars underwear and then put on his Star Wars pajamas.  His dad and I tucked him into his bed that was made with Star Wars sheets.  He said his prayers.  Next was story time.  I pulled out his favorite book about (you guessed it) Star Wars.  He gradually dozed off dreaming about Anakin Skywalker and a galaxy far, far away. Yesterday I decided I needed to get to the grocery bus . My car had a flat tire , so I decided to ride the public bus . First , I went online to see the map of the public bus ' because it overwhelms me and I am afraid I will get lost . Then I called the bus hotline and asked the operator how to get where I wanted to go . He helped me figure out what buses I need to take where . Then , I had some lunch , took my backpack and left the house . I had to walk to the bus stop . On the way , I could smell the exhaust from the cars and I already started freaking out . The exhaust is really unhealthy for you . Then I waited for the bus at the stop . After 20 minutes , the bus I needed finally came . The bus came to stop , the doors opened . I stepped onto the bus and gave the driver my money .  Today , I had to ride the bus home from the market . I walked over to the bus stop to wait for the next bus . It was supposed to arrive in 10 minutes . When the bus pulled up to the bus stop where I was waiting , I stood up and walked over to curb . The bus driver opened the bus doors and I stepped up into the bus . I had to hand my money to the bus driver so that I could ride . Once the driver took my money , I walked down the aisle to find a seat . There were many seats available so I picked one beside an older lady that looked like my grandmother . She was very nice and talked to me while we rode down the street . Once the bus stopped down the street from my house , I got off and walked down the sidewalk to my house . I was very glad to be home .  I was walking to my car last night from work and was ready to drive home . I started the car up , but I noticed that I left my phone at work , so I turned the ignition back off , locked the car doors , and shut the driver door . Unfortunately for me , I shut the door WITH my keys still in the ignition . That 's right ; I was locked out of my own car . Flustered and embarrassed , I pulled at the handles of the doors and attempted to open the trunk off the car - no luck at all . I walked back to my office , got my phone , and contemplated what I would do next . There was no one there with me , so my only hope was riding the public bus -LRB- I did n't have money for a cab -RRB- . I waited for the bus , the last one of the night , at the bus stop . The bus driver opened the door for me and I came aboard . I paid the two dollar bus fare so that I could ride and asked him for a transfer so that I could get on the next bus at the terminal . I took my seat , and the bus took me to the terminal at the plaza . I got off the bus and hopped on the bus that would take me home . I handed the transfer to the driver and took my seat . As I approached my apartment , I pushed the button to request for the bus to stop . The driver pulled over , and I thanked them and got off . When I got in the apartment , I immediately jumped into my bed . I was dead-tired , and though I had the dilemma of having my keys locked in the car , I would figure that out in the morning . I walked to the bus stop near my home so that I could get to work . I brought along my purse which had my bus card in it so that I could ride without paying cash . It only took a few minutes for the noisy bus to arrive . It stopped at the bus stop and the door opened . The bus driver scanned my bus card and I walked to an empty bench near the middle of the bus . Many other passengers boarded the bus after me and soon the bus was nearly full . Looking around me , I saw a number of senior citizens as well as other young adults . There was even a woman with a sleeping baby sitting on the bus near my bench . I decided to listen to music on my smart phone while I waited for the bus to reach my destination . The bus stopped every few minutes to let other passengers on and off of the bus . After about an hour , the bus stopped at my bus stop and I got up and walked out of the bus , wishing the driver a good day .  I woke up early in the morning and walked from my house to the road where the bus travels . This is a busy bus route , so there are a lot of buses I can catch at this spot . I waited 10 minutes and saw a bus in the distance coming my way . I waited patiently at the bus stop making sure the bus driver could see I wanted to board . The bus driver stopped the bus and opened the door for me . I had to wait for some other passengers to get off the bus first . I walked up steps into the bus and paid for my trip . There is a machine that collects money and tokens in front of the bus . Luckily , there was a seat available to sit in . I rode the bus for about 10 minutes until we were coming close to my stop . I pulled the string to tell the bus driver I wanted off . I said goodbye and got off the bus and went to my destination .  I usually do n't take the bus to work but today I decided to give it a try since the bus stop is right across the street from my house . When the bus came I greeted the bus driver with a friendly hello and paid my bus fare . I was lucky enough to find a seat all the way in the back . There was a lot of different people on the bus , some were kids going to school others were adults going to work like I was . I watched the bus come to a stop every few blocks and drop off a few people , but for every person that left a new person got on . I noticed my stop was near so I pushed the strip on the wall that notifies the bus driver my stop is coming up . When he pulled into the next stop I exited the back of the bus and was happy that after 15 minutes I finally reached my destination .  I took a public bus to get the work this morning . At around 8 am , I left my apartment and walked to the nearest bus stop which was about a 10 minute walk from home . Once I got there , I waited for the bus to arrive along with two other people . After about 15 minutes , an express bus heading to Manhattan arrived . I boarded the bus and paid the driver my fare . I then walked to a window seat near the front of the bus , that was free . It was pretty early , and the bus was initially somewhat empty . However , several stops later , the bus was filled with fellow commuters heading to work . Along the way , the bus passed through about 5 different towns while traveling on local roads , before headed out to the George Washington Bridge to get to Manhattan . While getting there , the bus ran into a traffic jam which caused a 20 minute delay . After working its way through traffic , the bus made it onto the bridge , and several minutes later , we were at the bus terminal on 178th Street . Once we got there , the bus stopped and the driver let us out , whereby I then walked to the office .  I ride the bus to school everyday . I live in New York City so riding the bus is a common thing . Everyone does it because it is convenient . In our city , it is very packed , so driving is n't as convenient or affordable . Parking is expensive so public transportation saves us a lot of money . Every morning when I go to school , I wait by the bus stop . The morning bus comes every ten minutes . Once it arrives I board onto the bus and I insert my metro card . The metro card has a balance of money stored inside it . This money is subtracted from the balance every time I ride the bus and insert my metro card . Basically the metro card pays for the bus ride . When I run out of money , I go to a metro card machine and put more money into my balance . Riding the bus is annoying sometimes . In the morning , it is very crowded so sometimes there are n't enough seats for everybody . This means I have to stand while holding on to a pole . Sometimes its so crowded that I am sandwiched in between people . If I am lucky , sometimes there will be open seats . Otherwise , I have to stand for 40 minutes .  Yesterday my car broke down , so I was thinking of how I would get to work . I decided one of the best options would be to take a public bus . Since I 've never taken one before , I went to the city website and looked at a schedule of all the bus times and routes . When I had finally decided on the bus that I needed to take , it was time to put my plan into action . I left my house and walked over to the bus stop . There were a few other people waiting there as well . When the bus arrived I got on and paid the driver the fee , which was $ 1 . I then sat down and waited for the bus to arrive at my destination . It took about 40 minutes to get where I was going , and I arrived safely . I think that overall it was a pleasant experience .  I needed to get from my house to work , but my car wouldn ' t start . I decided my best option was to take the bus . I walked down the street to the nearest bus stop that would take me close to work . I waited for about five minutes for the bus to come . Once I got on , I put my money in the machine and headed towards the back to find a seat . There were only three open seats so I took one of them and popped in my ear buds to listen to music . I also brought a book along to read so nobody would try to talk to me . The bus made three stops before we got to the corner nearest to my work . Each time people would get off and as they shuffled past would bump into my knees which was really annoying . Then more people would get on and some would find seats , but others had to stand . One person stood directly in front of me , in constant contact with my legs . This really annoyed me even more . I don ' t like riding public transportation . Finally we got to my stop and I got out of the bus through the rear doors .  I needed to get to the craft store , there was a sale ! Unfortunately , husband had the car and he would be gone a while . I decided to take the bus . I made sure I had a couple dollars for the fare and walked to the bus stop . I waited about ten minutes , then the bus came around the corner and stopped at the bench I was sitting . A few people got off the bus and I stepped through the doors onto the bus . I smiled at the bus driver and put the money into the machine to pay for my ride . I took a seat at an open place and looked out the window . The store I was going to was only a few stops away and when I saw we were close , I pulled the cord to signal to the driver I was ready to get off . He stopped at the shopping center and I thanked him for the ride as I stepped onto the pavement .  I have never had to ride a public bus until 4 years ago when I had no other transportation and was forced to take a public bus anywhere I needed to go . The first thing I had to do was find a bus schedule and learn how to read the time and places to catch the bus and how to make any needed transfers . This was a little hard to do but once I figured it out it was OK as long as I always kept a schedule with me . I mostly took the bus to work and I only had to worry about catching one bus on the street I lived on and I did not have to sorry about any transfers . The bus ride cost me $ 1.25 and transfers where an additional 50 cents . Many people rode the bus and I meet several nice people on the bus . The bus drivers were always nice and I became friends with several of them . The bus only came once an hour and I had to make sure I did not miss it if I was going to work because then I would be late for work . The bus always made a stop at the main depot in order to pick up more people . There was usually about a 20 minute wait so the driver could have break in the late afternoon . I did not like having to take the bus but it served my purpose for a while and I was thankful to have the bus available . Last week , my friend and I rode the public bus into town . We looked at a bus schedule and found the bus stop closest to our homes . We got to the bus stop ten minutes before our bus was supposed to arrive and waited . When it arrived , we got into the line to board . Each person in front of us climbed the steps and put a token into the machine at the front of the bus . We had no token , so we gave the bus driver our money and he gave us tokens to put in . We found a seat at the back of the bus and sat down . We checked our bus schedule and decided where we wanted to get off . When the sign at the front of the bus showed that it was our stop , we gathered our things and prepared to get off . After we got off , we made a note of which bus stop we were at and the time the bus would be there again to take us home . Then we went off to explore the town .  Yesterday I had to go across town to the library to return some books . All my friends were busy and my car was in for repairs , so I had to take the bus . First thing was to see what bus I needed . I went over to my computer and pulled up the bus schedules for my city . I found the nearest bus stop and checked the bus lines that stopped there , then looked for the stop nearest the library . There was a bus that went to both stops , so I would n't have to change buses to get there . Next I found the next time the bus would be at the stop near my house , which was only 15 minutes from now . I grabbed the books and headed out to walk to the bus stop . I got to the stop about 5 minutes early and waited for the bus to arrive . It was only 2 minutes late , which is n't too bad . I climbed into the bus , paid the driver and found an empty seat . It was a pretty nice day , so I just sat there looking out the window until we got to the stop by the library . I got off the bus and went inside to return my books . It was a good bus ride , no problems with traffic at all .  '' `` Riding A Public Bus '' '' Hannah and her mommy had just moved to the city . Daddy took the car to work each day now and her and mommy decided they wanted to go to the shopping center . Hannah was excited because today was her first time taking the public bus . Hannah and her family had moved to Portland , Maine and the bus they were taking was called the Metro . Hannah took her mom 's hand as they walked down the sunny streets of the city until they reached a sign that Hannah could not read but she did understand the picture . It was a picture of a bus . '' `` Does that sign say bus mommy ? '' '' Hannah asked . Her mother replied that it was and it was one of many many places around the city to get the bus to stop for them and others . They waited for a long while and finally a large public bus came down the street and stopped before them . They waited while a few passengers exited the bus because her mom said it was the polite thing to do and then they climbed the steps where her mother dropped their coins into the busses toll collector . Her mother then asked for a transfer and they walked quickly to their seats . Hannah asked her mom what a transfer was and she explained that because they were going way across the city they would need to get on yet another bus and the transfer was so the other bus driver could see they already paid for their ride . Soon the bus jolted to another stop an older lady stepped onto the bus and flashed a card at the bus driver and took a seat at the front of the bus that was saved for elderly and handicapped people . Hannah tugged at her moms sleeve and whispered the lady did not pay . Her mother quietly told her she had a bus pass that she paid for a whole months worth of rides for a bigger fee than just one ride . That people who use the bus daily buy them to save money . Hannah thought to herself she would like bus passes for her and mommy . She enjoyed the bumpy ride with the jolting stops and wide turns that made her have to hold on tight . Hannah also noticed people pulling a cord and she figured out why . It made the bus driver stop where ever they would like to get off . Oh how she wanted to pull the string but , mommy told her no . It was only for when you needed it . Soon the bus stopped at the busy bus station . They stepped off the bus and got on a new bus . Her mom handed the bus driver their transfers . Hannah was excited because this meant the next place they were going was the shopping center to buy her new shoes . Soon the bus took off and made stop after stop . They even picked up a man in a wheelchair . He drove his wheelchair right up a special ramp and into a spot on the bus where the driver buckled him and his wheelchair in . Soon Hannah 's mom told her she could pull the cord to make the bus stop . The cord was up high but with a little help from her mom she reached it . Ding ! The bus came to a stop shortly after and there was the shopping center right in front of them . Taking the bus was a fun form of transportation . Hannah waved to the driver as he pulled away to pick up and drop off even more people around the city .  Every time I have to go to school or work I have to always ride a public bus . I have to make sure that I am by the bus stop in order to catch the bus on time . When I get on the bus , I have to pay the bus fare . I live in a big city , so there 's always a lot of people needing to take the bus . Therefore ; sometimes I am not lucky to find a seat to sit on . In that case , I would have to stand up . Overall , riding a bus is not enjoyable because it tends to be dirty , people are very loud , and it is very crowded . Not to mention , it always smells like urine . My commute is always a long one . I usually stay on the bus for one hour . For that one hour on the bus , I listen to music or play on my cell phone . Eventually , I get to my stop . I get off the bus and reach my destination .  Last Saturday , I decided to visit a friend in the hospital . I own a car , but it 's been acting up lately , so I needed to take the bus . I set out from my apartment with a spring in my step , because it was an amazing day . I walked through my apartment complex 's parking lot to reach the bus stop , where I waited for the bus around 5 minutes . When it came to a stop in front of me , I boarded and put a $ 1 bill and 2 quarters in the fare machine . I selected a seat near the entrance , because it has more space and fewer people . Riding the bus often gives me motion sickness , so I closed my eyes and tried to ignore the swaying motion as it rolled down the street . Behind me , two college students were eagerly discussing a class project . In the very back , a small child was loudly pretending to be a dinosaur . I was glad when I finally reached my destination . I pulled the cord signaling that I would need the bus to stop next to the hospital , and got up to exit out the bus 's side door . Fresh air never smelled so good !  I live near the city of Santa Cruz and often take the 17X bus to the nearby city of San Jose . It 's possible to get discount fares by paying for multiple rides in advance , but I usually pay cash , five dollars for one-way . I get to my small town 's transit center early on weekday mornings , because the bus fills up quickly , and most good seats are already taken by riders who started their trip in downtown Santa Cruz . We wait in line in civilized fashion . Some people need only show the driver their pass , some shove a five-dollar bill into the fare machine efficiently . But some fumble with small coins or ask other riders for change , which makes everyone in line restive . Once on , riders can choose seats grouped around small tables , seats facing forward , or seats facing sideways . Table seats are premium , since the bus has WiFi and many people bring laptops . Others prefer seats in the back where the roughnecks are , just like in high school . My little town is the last stop before highway 17 . The bus whips along amid the pine trees and the yellow-flowered acacia that blooms this time of year . It is pleasant not to have to keep your eyes on the road . Unspoken bus etiquette decrees that strangers do n't speak to each other , but of course some people know each other and chat . Many tap away on their machines or play video games , others read books or enjoy the ride . It ends at San Jose 's train station , where passengers can transfer to the San Francisco train , or take a rattling inferior 1-hour bus ride to Fremont to catch the BART mass transit line to Oakland , Richmond , or distant Pittsburg , where the California Delta begins .  My car was in the shop , so today I decided to commute to school on a public bus . First , I looked up what bus I would need . I found I need to take two buses and transfer in the middle . I started walking to the first bus stop and arrived ten minutes before the bus was scheduled to arrive . It came on time , and the bus driver let off the other passengers . I stepped onto the bus and paid the driver the fare . Then I found an open seat by a window and sat down . The ride was around 15 minutes or so . Then the driver announced my stop . I headed out the back doors . Outside , I found a bench and sat down . The next bus came fairly quickly . I hopped on and showed the driver my transfer ticket . This time , the bus was packed , so I found a pole and hung on . The ride was n't too long , however , and soon I was at my final destination . I found my way off the bus and walked over to school .  Last Friday , my car broke down . I had to get to work Monday , so I decided to ride the public bus since it ran fairly close to my home and work both . Monday morning I got ready early and set off to wait at the bus stop . After sitting for quite a while , the bus finally pulled up . I let others at the stop get on first , then I got on . I asked the bus driver how much the fare was and he told me . I paid the fare by sticking my money in the box near the bus driver , and walked to find a free seat . I found one near the back of the bus , and I sat down . The bus ride was fairly quick and uneventful . I noted that the ride went the same route that I did . Once the bus stopped at the stop near my work , I disembarked . That 's how I rode the public bus .  